username;date;retweets;favorites;text
Holy hell, someone made an Alone in the Dark 2 movie. Like, on purpose, not on accident. *clicks play*
Watched another horror movie alone in the dark tonight, why do I do this to myself?
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/xCO7FGs4hDs?a  Alone In The Dark (Full Movie)
watching a horror movie at this hour, alone in the dark. not sure if this is a good idea. haha, die.
@alyssadaniellek and by that I mean I'm watching the spongebob movie alone in the dark goodbye
when your bike riding behind a football field alone in the dark and it feels like a horror movie... @DorneyTaylor
Kinda wanna torture myself by watching a horror movie alone. In the dark.
My life in a movie title: alone in the dark
I'm drinking alone in the dark. I'm not playing any games or watching a movie. Just sitting here drinking.
#download & #watch Alone in the Dark: The New Nightmare (2001) (VG) http://dlvr.it/D0cTsh  #movie
Watching a scary movie alone in the dark was not the best idea tonight
The movie yesterday wasn't good for me. Now I'm more afraid. I hate to sleep alone in the dark.
8pm I'm in my pjs stuffing my face with chocolate and watching a movie in bed I don't wanna be outside and then walk home alone in the dark
why did I think watching a horror movie alone in the dark would be a good idea
@Daveofthedead22 it's ok so am I my life in a movie title Alone in the Dark (yup there's a bad film adaptation)
@Hi7ch well I was going to mention Alone in the dark movie which is an ewe boll film lol.
... Never watch a horror movie alone in the dark and with your bed next to the window
The feeling after watching a scary movie and being alone in the dark http://ift.tt/1rsYzau  pic.twitter.com/jFpeIdiD8F
Bold watching a scary movie alone in the dark toe tete ai ho arse
Watching a scary movie. Alone. In the dark. #ohno
Why am I watching this horror movie!? Last time I watched one I peed myself (weak pregnancy bladder& I was alone in the dark)
Currently watching the spongebob movie alone in the dark on Netflix
This movie just fuucccxed up my heart, why do I watch these movies alone in the dark....idk why I'm stupid 4real
I just want to sit in a movie theater alone in the dark and watch nothing but Billy Wilder, Orson Welles and Preston Sturges movies forever
I liked a @YouTube video from @enfieldfinearts http://youtu.be/yr7ZSI4-DQU?a  Alone In The Dark - Movie Review _
Alone In The Dark - Movie Review _ https://youtu.be/yr7ZSI4-DQU  via @YouTube
Alone in the Dark The New Nightmare Full video All Cutscenes Movie Games inematic #1: http://youtu.be/1Mx62wv62jc?a  via @YouTube
you know when you have to question your life when you are sitting alone in the dark singing along to the Bratz movie on Netflix
im gonna watch a scary movie while im alone in the dark bcus i suck
@livyourfame #ScaresTheCrapOuttaMe is watching an Horror Movie During Late Night Alone in the dark Room
Uwe Boll: "I think Alone in the Dark was too much an action creature movie than a horror creature movie." #alone
hi @Spotify I would really appreciate it if you didn't play scary movie ads at 4am when I'm alone in the dark pic.twitter.com/wvFCs7dl7R
Shoutout to Pandora for always playing horror movie ads while I lay alone in the dark.
@_nataleo I thought it was the beginning of a lifetime movie and that's when the murderer struke. When I'm home alone in the dark.
Watching a Horror Movie. Alone. In the Dark. While using my headset. #ManMode #JustNoLoudStuffsPlease
of course a scary movie ad comes on when I'm alone in the dark
@andrearitsu @TDOTCRFH4 I never played alone in the dark. I did watch a few minutes of the movie though... Awful.
@__furfante that movie scared the shit out of me the first time I watched it. Probs bc I was alone in the dark
Why on earth did I stay up late watching a scary movie? Now I have to go to bed alone in the dark. ️️
Just watched a trailer to a horror movie. Alone. In the dark. It's as if I want myself to suffer.
in my moms car alone in the dark and thought of every scary movie I've ever seen and I'm kind of panicking .
Why am I watching a scary movie alone in the dark
@AthenaNyxx great movie especially alone in the dark your so lucky happy vampire fright
Watching a scary movie alone in the dark at 2:48 in the morning is not a good idea
On the other hand, if they'd went with their original title for the movie - "Home Alone: Alone in the Dark" - IT WOULD HAVE BEEN SO WORTH IT
Past 2 am and the family's asleep so I'm downstairs watching a horror movie. Alone. In the dark. Nice.
Who else is foolish enough to watch a horror movie alone in the dark at night?
I'm alone in the dark and every time I close my eyes I see that fucking face from horror movie, fuuuuck
Yea lets watch a scary movie...alone...in the dark.
When you're watching a scary movie alone in the dark and your dog keeps staring at one corner of the room
im about to watch ths woman in black alone in the dark this movie will never not shit me up
I'm so antisocial. I'm playing the Ps2 alone in the dark while my family is watching a movie out in the living room happily. t._.t nuuh
why do scary movie ads always seem to come on when im laying alone in the dark?
I hate when I'm listening to Pandora & a scary movie ad comes on.. And I'm in my room.. Alone.. In the dark
Can Spotify not play the scary movie commercials when I'm in bed alone in the dark with headphones on plz
why did i think it was a good idea to watch a scary movie on an empty college campus all alone in the dark
"Alone in the Dark" (1982) is an extravagant movie (B) #ConamaraViews <nydv1h>
And so here I am at 1:30 in the morning. Just finished a movie. Alone. In the dark. Crying into a box of fresh baked cookies.
*thinks of every scary movie/show ever watched when has to drive alone in the dark*
Dont know whats scarier: having a horror movie commercial come on when ur alone in the dark or looking @ ur bank statement after the weekend
HEY horror movie advertisements that play late at night when u KNOW I'm watching TV alone in the dark: fuck off possibly
@scotchtape56 Okay well I suggest a Pixar movie or something afterwards, lest you find yourself sitting alone in the dark with a cigarette.
why do I always watch scary movie alone in the dark lol
my ass watching a scary movie w my tweakin ass alone in the dark
me: thinking too much me: watches scary movie alone in the dark in bed because it's distracting from thinking too much
IMDb. 38. Dracula 3000 (2004) 39. Surf School (2006) 40. Epic Movie (2007) 41. The Wild World of Batwoman (1966) 42. Alone in the Dark 2005
Alone in the dark alley with lightning strikes and heavy rain. In what movie am i right now?
Oh boy, 3 AM! *starts a horror movie, alone, in the dark*
ALONE IN THE DARK (2005) at 10:50pm on SyFy. Uwe Boll's Razzie-nominated horror movie, based on a video game. pic.twitter.com/2td2ydgoqu
Alone In The Dark (Full Movie) https://youtu.be/xCO7FGs4hDs  via @YouTube
READY WATCH A SCARY ASS MOVIE ALONE IN THE DARK
Not a good idea watching a scary movie alone in the dark. I'm jumpy as fuck now!!!
Definitely not a good idea to watch a scary movie then go out walking alone in the dark
@Kitsuagi It's hard to put every aspect of the games into a movie but doing an entire different story? Still better than Alone in the Dark
Watching this movie alone in the dark probably wasn't the best idea
watching a horror movie alone in the dark at 2am because I'm so good at making decisions :))))))
"Describe your sex life with a movie title" ................Alone in the dark
watching a horror movie alone in the dark A+ idea
...I'm glad I'm watching this movie alone. In the dark.
I watched an exorcism movie today and now I'm in my room alone in the dark and I'm scared as shit. Idhtt for demons now
I'm going to go watch a movie alone. in the dark. with my blinds shut. tomorrow is Monday. depressing
Why is my Korean roommate alone in the dark outside watching what sounds to be some imperial Korean movie
ok bedtime. :) let's see if that shitty horror movie is scary when i'm alone in the dark in my room with no exits lmfao
watching a scary movie alone in the dark rn by myself was not a good decision
I probably shouldn't be watching a scary movie alone & in the dark, since I'm such a baby
ok watching a movie alone in the dark while it's freezing is not fun
Yeah Anjela lets watch a scary movie home alone in the dark
Since it's Friday the 13th scary movie marathon alone in the dark
Walking all alone in the dark feels like a scary movie waiting to happen!!
I can watch any scary movie or walk alone in the dark, nothing can be scarier then what's in my head. #GAD
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://youtu.be/xCO7FGs4hDs?a  Alone In The Dark (Full Movie)
Already pre-excited...one week away from my annual sit-alone-in-the-dark-&-cry viewing of the greatest T-Day movie of all time! #fish #HFTH
Alone in the Dark, the movie, was released in this day |http://www.phronzs.com/?simple=13205&amp;ocorr=Alone+in+the+Dark …
Watching a horror movie while home alone in the dark is probably not the best idea, but I'm doing it anyways.
Watching a movie alone in the dark c:
Walking alone in the dark, it's cold and my battery is about to die. Am I in a horror movie?
If your boyfriend leaves you on read just watch a scary movie alone in the dark & you'll stop feeling lonely :-)
*starts a movie about a haunted apartment, alone in the dark in my apartment* I'm not going to regret this in the slightest
I made a deal with the guys that I wud look at a scary movie last night all alone in the dark
Why am I watching this scary movie... Alone... In the dark... Rlly
Walking home alone in the dark after watching a scary movie is not a walk it is a run!!
got halfway through a horror movie then realised watching this alone in the dark at 1am was a terrible idea, I'm off to find a hiding place
The movie the fourth kind traumatized me .... Like I won't watch that ever again or be outside alone in the dark
the real question is; is kasyde grown enough to watch a rated r scary movie alone in the dark???
Concept: horror movie type scenario. Quadding alone in the dark. Abandoned house. Nobody else for 100 acres either direction. Me, in crocs.
Not all about watching a horror movie alone in the dark! #HalloweenResurrection
So maybe watching a horror movie home alone in the dark wasn't such a great idea...
#LifeIs watching a horor movie all by urself alone in the dark room
I just watched a scary movie alone in the dark I literally must be an idiot
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://youtu.be/xCO7FGs4hDs?a  Alone In The Dark (Full Movie)
Walking alone in the dark makes me think off every scary movie I've ever watched
Why did I just watch a scary movie alone in the dark, why
Movie marathon. Alone. In the dark. Cause there's nothing better to do, anyway
#horror #movie Rare Oop Horror Dvd Lot Nekromantik Alone In The Dark Welcome To Spring Break http://dlvr.it/CfgnrF  #ebay #auction
Never watch a scary movie alone in the dark. It is the scariest shit ever
Horror movie alone in the dark? Why the hell not #TheStrangers#freaksmeouteverytime#NOTgoingtoanyhouseinthewoods
Watching a scary movie alone in the dark rn is probably not the wisest idea
Why am I watching this horror movie? About a Ouija board? Alone? In the dark? #oywiththepoodlesalready
10 likes (favs) now and I'll watch a horror movie alone in the dark
Of course when I'm home alone in the dark with no cable all I can think of is every scary movie I've ever fucking seen
Good idea Abigail, watch scary movie trailers alone, in the dark, in the middle of the night.
When I watch a scary movie alone in the dark #turnallthelightson #INeedSomeLight... (Vine by @thewebbeffect19) https://vine.co/v/MQHqMHXdYmg 
Why am I watching the one movie that scares me the most when I'm in my room alone in the dark....
Watching @TheConjuring all alone in the dark....still not a scary movie though :(
Going to watch a horror movie called Clown alone in the dark because what is my life.
Wonderful bad scary movie night. Secret Window, alone in the Dark, Identity, all enjoyably awful.
my mom has this goat screaming as her ringtone and i'm watching the shining alone in the dark and i've seen this movie a thousand times...
about to watch like 9 scary movie alone in the dark someone please check on me in like an hour
Watching the original Scream movie at home, alone, in the dark is the perfect way to end Halloween day. #HappyKid
S/o to the boys for leaving me to walk to my car alone in the dark after that movie
But what is Halloween if you don't watch a terrifying movie alone in the dark
Walking up my street alone in the dark after watching a scary movie and carrying a bucket
I attempted to watch a scary movie alone in the dark. Failed miserably.
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/xCO7FGs4hDs?a  Alone In The Dark (Full Movie)
Alone In The Dark (Full Movie) http://fb.me/3yVLZoStv 
Should I watch a scary movie alone in the dark? No. Am I? Yes.
halloween movie marathon alone in the dark. only way to do it!
When your watching a scary movie alone in the dark #TwitterGhostStory
@officialaldub16 My npnuod ako movie ata,sbi dun "No one is afraid of the dark" Instead,"You are only afraid to be ALONE in the dark" Hugot!
I cant believe im watching straight 2 horror movie ALONE in the dark and ALONE fuck..
My room is completely dark woohoo im going to watch a movie alone in the dark . I laaaaave it lewls
When you watch the freakiest movie and then have to drive home alone... in the dark...
my last lesson at school was english and the teacher put as to watch a halloween movie and after i walked back home ALONE IN THE DARK LMAO
If you don't think your mind can shape your reality, try watching a horror movie alone in the dark.
Watching a scary movie alone in the dark because it seems like a totally good idea.
I fell asleep while watching a horror movie alone in the dark
About to watch a horror movie in my film class and then walk home alone in the dark... #help
Hey! Watch a scary movie! Alone In The Dark! http://ow.ly/Tn5on 
On @GregGutfeldShow they discussed the Top-10 horror movies. Exorcist is indeed the scariest movie. You CANNOT watch that alone-in-the-dark
Watching a scary movie and then driving home alone in the dark was thee worst decision
Worst type of ad: a paranormal movie trailer when you're alone in the dark just trying to watch a fun dance video before bed
I feel so American. I'm watching a horror movie alone in the dark and drinking straight from a 2 liter bottle of coke
My whole family went upstairs so I'm watching a horror movie alone in the dark because I like scaring myself
this movie ain't even suppose to be scary but the fact that I'm all alone in the dark makes it scary
having a horror movie marathon, alone, in the dark. wit my cup of Kool aid
walking home alone in the dark after watching a scary movie
I'm so paranoid when I'm home alone or I'm alone in the dark. I blame Abe and the scary movie nights...they traumatized me .-. Lol
Pro tip: Don't read horror movie reviews alone in the dark
Uyy cucuy scary movie marathon alone in the dark welp meh .
@stellar_zee when I originally watched that movie alone in the dark. At the end i hit a button on my remote and changed chanel resulting in
LIVE on #Periscope: About to watch a horror movie all alone in the dark https://www.periscope.tv/w/aPrkGjM3ODEwMTV8MWdxR3ZlWWd5YWFLQrX8eM5C4FyKvQHKl-YeVv3kmc_y2GSfOELt1gk4soq- …
Going to see an R rated horror movie/gothic romance by myself and making my way home alone in the dark is not... recommended.....
i hated walking alone in the dark I felt like I was in a movie
Here we go again. I'm watching a scary movie alone in the dark. Idk why I do this
My fav scary movie on , but I'm alone in the dark lol
Watching this movie alone in the dark, I'm acting like a real bitch right now
Today was full of adventure! Especially driving alone in the dark 60 km away from home. I feel like i was in a horror movie demniTT
#download & #watch Alone in the Dark 3 (1994) (VG) http://dlvr.it/CWgCdc  #movie
Only I would watch a scary movie by myself alone in the dark
Don't watch a scary movie alone in the dark on a school night...just don't do it man.
Nothing like watching a horror movie alone in the dark. :D
Scary movie previews are 10x scarier when you're alone in the dark
Kinda in the mood to watch a scary movie but the whole idea of being alone in the dark assures me it's not gonna happen anytime soon.
Am I too old to check my phone during horror movie commercials because I get scared watching them alone in the dark?
#фильмы #премьера Геймплей 2Dark от создателя Alone in the Dark показали в трейлере #кино #сериал #movie
every scary movie I've ever seen suddenly fills my brain when I'm alone in the dark
Perfect timing for a commercial for the Paranormal movie to come on my Pandora station while I'm walking home alone in the dark
Jasmine told me to watch the trailer of a scary movie @ 12 in the morning while I'm alone in the dark and vulnerable to every ghost know
Hope it that scary that you'll have to scream RT " @NizaMariaa: Watching a horror movie alone in the dark like a badass."
Watching a horror movie alone in the dark like a badass.
when u need your friends but instead you're eating pizza and watching a movie alone in the dark
WHY did I decide to watch a horror movie alone in the dark? Oh yeah, to prove that I'm brave. Well, it turns out, I AM NOT BRAVE
Only for @ninadobrev I would watch a "scary" movie in the dark. Alone. In the dark. #TheFinalGirls
Hulu, pls stop w the scary movie ads. I'm alone in the dark by myself.
Okay can youtube not put on a horror movie trailer while i have my headphones in full volume past midnight when im alone in the dark please
Why does Pandora think it's okay to play scary movie previews while I'm alone in the dark..?
What's a good movie to watch while I sit alone in the dark and drink beer?
Watching a scary movie, home alone, in the dark...I really don't know why I'm doing this.
My favorite horror movie! Best viewed alone in the dark. Or while babysitting children. pic.twitter.com/RDegz0bzly
Here's some advice don't start a scary movie alone in the dark because it sucks :-)
im never going to watch a scary movie trailer alone in the dark again
I hate when scary movie ads come on at night especially when you're alone in the dark
I hate when I'm the room alone, in the dark and scary movie commercials decide to pop up on t.v.
Only horror movie that's ever scared me was the exorcist and that's only because I was like 7 and alone in the dark
Good movie to watch all alone in the dark pic.twitter.com/M2pqRooTw3
When you're alone in the dark and a scary movie trailer comes on this is great
Don't watch a scary movie alone in the dark #Creepy #Scary
fuck that movie trailer, I'm alone in the dark, fuck that no devil bitch is coming near me tonight goodnight
I have to ask, while Alone in the Dark is indeed a bad movie, why do ppl think Tara Reid doesn't make for a convincing scientist?
While essentially everyone knows about the Uwe Boll movie serving as a sequel to the 2001 Alone in the Dark game... pic.twitter.com/fgtRSWLeLm
Mistake #1, watching a scary movie Mistake #2, watching said scary movie alone, in the dark, with no cuddle buddy/protector
If I could choose to be any actor I'd be Christian Slater cause he got to star in Alone In The Dark and the movie is funny as hell
"Alone in the Dark" (2005) is an incredibly tiresome movie (F) #AhiMovieReviews <nw4br3>
"We were all sick fucks in that movie." Jack Palance on ALONE IN THE DARK #TheDeuce http://www.nitehawkcinema.com/movie/alone-in-the-dark/ … pic.twitter.com/lTh6S1PkPT
After this I won't be able to be alone in the dark for at least a month #Insidious #movie #movietwit pic.twitter.com/gFLDBvmp2p
There are...forest sounds...and I'm watching this movie alone in the dark.
@000___000 what is the movie "Alone In The Dark" starring Christian Slater, and Tara Reid, about?
probbbb gonna regret watching this scary movie alone in the dark
I survived watching a horror movie, home alone, in the dark I FEEL PROUD OF MYSELF
I'm watching a horror movie. All alone. In the dark. I hate watching horror films alone. I'm crazy
ITS 1:30 AM AND I JUST WATCHED THE BEST MOVIE WITH THE WORST ENDING IVE EVER SEEN AND IM RAGING ALONE IN THE DARK
1.5 hrs til Vodka Tonic and scary movie time ...alone...in the dark... #sweetjesushelpme #singlelife #livingitup
I really dont like being left alone.... In the dark.... Where its cold.... And i just watched a scary movie
@Mort3mer it was creepy after the movie and you were alone in the dark but the movie itself wasn't really. It just didn't scare me idk
Scary movie night is fun and all till your sister falls asleep and you're left all alone in the dark
The only way to watch a horror movie is alone in the dark
ha scary movie previews are not something I want to see in bed... alone... in the dark
um pandora can you not play scary movie previews while I'm laying alone in the dark thanks
Hi I'm watching a scary movie alone in the dark at 3am. Help
Me, myself, and I with this scary movie. Home. Alone. In the dark.
I'm currently watching a scary movie alone in the dark about clowns which means there's NO WAY IM SLEEPING TONIGHT
PSA: a scary movie commercial just came on Pandora while I'm driving back to UNCG ..... Alone....... In the dark
Currently watchin a scary movie alone in the dark with a single candle lit & windows open while rainin. Idk what's wrong w/ me but I love it
WHEN YOURE ALONE IN THE DARK WATCHING A SUSPENSE MOMENT IN A SCARY MOVIE YOU DONT WANT TO HEAR SKYPE GO OFF OMG
Starting to think watching this scary movie by myself, home alone, in the dark was a veryyyyyyyy bad idea. Eeeeeek.
#download & #watch Alone in the Dark 4 (2007) (V) http://dlvr.it/CLf2bQ  #movie
"dad why are you watching the lego movie alone in the dark?" "it's cute!!! so funny"
About to watch a horror movie alone in the dark. Buying a bathing suit online was scarier and that ended up working out.
@Canyounotjust that would air but well that didn't work out so I sat there, alone, in the dark, 4 years old. "lol what kinda movie is this"
im walking alone in the dark alley searching for the bloody auditorium i feel like im in a horror movie waiting for my impending doom tbfh
i imagine me and my friend watching a scary movie and when shes all alone in the dark i be like *whispers* shadow pico
What the hell?? My mom just decides to leave me alone in the dark while we're watching a scary movie..
@ScreamAddicts just checked out the latest video! Silent Hill is my favorite video game adapted to a movie! Worse is "Alone In The Dark"
I just realized I'm watching a scary movie home alone in the dark
Fuck this shit I ain't watching this movie alone in the dark, going back to Narcos \o/
Just wanna watch a sad movie and listen to sad music alone in the dark
I'm alone in the dark right now. why do all the fucking scary movie ads start at 12:30 when I'm on YouTube. I'm scared as fuck.
Which is more emo? To watch a movie by myself or drink in my room alone in the dark?
The scene in a movie when the actor is walkin alone in the dark with the horror music .. Too obvious what will happen
I come home to find jim alone in the dark watching a movie in Spanish. he does not speak Spanish
Chasing the Tall One by @danimalsnyder is a beautiful song, but alone in the dark with its horror movie like music box opening- BYE!
Watching a scary movie alone in the dark isn't a smart idea but I love it
what made me think that watching a scary movie alone in the dark at 1 am was a good idea?
the first time i watched this movie i was with him and i was holding his hand and now i'm watching it alone in the dark things change fast
Hate when I'm in my room alone in the dark and a scary movie preview comes on
Nehh i prefer forever alone than watch horror movie at night alone in the dark
Due to rescheduling, the October 25th movie is now ALONE IN THE DARK, suggested by @jaimeburchardt.
"Alone in the Dark" (1982) is a light-hearted movie (B) #ConamaraViews <nvcfw5>
scary movie at 2:00 am .. alone .. in the dark .. prob not a good idea ..
Driving home alone in the dark after watching a scary movie is the worst
This movie isn't even all that scary. I think it's just cause I'm alone in the dark outside that makes it scary.
really wish the cat wouldn't pick the times when i'm watching a scary movie alone in the dark to pounce on me
Dont wanna go home yet bc the movie was so scary and now im really scared to go home alone in the dark
DOWNLOAD MOVIE: Alone In The Dark 2 – (2015) http://myunibenmetro.com/index.php/2015/09/25/download-movie-alone-in-the-dark-2-2015/ …
"You're leaving me in a car: alone in the dark" "This is like a scary movie!" "Lock the doors!" "That doesn't help anyone in a scary movie!"
when you're alone in the dark and scary movie trailer commercials come on ugh WHY
Leaving college at night feels like a horror movie. I'm walking alone in the dark and a guy is walking right behind me dressed in all black
Ahoy. I'm watching the movie Alone in the Dark
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/7a_rIKDuvko?a  This Movie Sucks - Alone in the Dark
A pleasantly surprising non-Wes Craven movie with heavy Wes Craven stink on it.[[MORE]] Alone In the Dark... http://tmblr.co/ZZKB8y1ushHK5 
I want to watch a scary movie but I'm sitting here alone in the dark and don't want to get freaked out.
When I'm walking alone in the dark, every horror movie I've ever seen flashes before my eyes like: "Haha! They thought they were safe too!"
Is it only my brain that does that psycho crap of reminding me of horror movie scenes when I'm alone in the dark?
If you ever feel lonely, Go and watch a horror movie alone in the dark, you will never felt alone anymore after that. -9GAG
Watching a horror movie alone in the dark was not one of my brightest ideas....
Idk what possessed me to watch a horror movie alone in the dark right before bed, but it's pretty obvious that I'm not sleeping anytime soon
How do you comfort a friend that's scared bc they watched a horror movie and now they have to sleep alone in the dark in their living room
There's nothing better than watching a really scary movie alone, in the dark, late at night. In case you are suffering from constipation.
Watching a very scary movie alone in the dark right now I'm shaking I wish you were here @EthanDolan
If you've never laid in bed alone in the dark at 10pm with fresh popcorn & a movie on I highly recommend
Post Edited: Alone in the Dark 2 Movie Review http://gamesretrospect.com/2015/08/alone-in-the-dark-2-movie-review/ …
"Alone in the Dark" (2005) is a box office bomb of a movie (F) #AhiMovieReviews <nv14jz>
Seriously fuck driving home alone in the dark after a scary movie
wanting to watch a horror movie alone in the dark but you don't have them guts :-)))))
Omg why am I watching this movie alone in the dark... I just had 41577 heart attacks in a row
Bout to watch a scary movie alone in the dark :-))
walking home alone in the dark @ midnight after watching a scary ass movie is the most terrifying thing ever omg.
they're gonna play a horror movie on tv, should I watch it given the fact that it's 2am and I'm alone in the dark meh fuck it
Movie Marathon. Alone in the dark. Hahaha pic.twitter.com/bV1umf5xHX
gonna have some netflix and chill ;D all alone in the dark with some pasta and some shitty horror movie...
Yes. I was sitting alone in the dark for a reason. I wanted to watch a movie without hearing you yell in Albanian & breathing your fumes.
Am now having a movie night. Alone. In the dark. Ok
I went from being able to watch any scary movie alone in the dark to getting creeped out by the X-files theme song
@Jmtz9894 damn hoeing! at least i can watch a scary movie alone in the dark
oh yeah sure scary movie, all alone, in the dark,, who's holding the camera? hmmm? riddle me this
Old movie but still fascinating — watching Alone in the Dark at Your Home http://fb.me/7rfwgMdqK 
ok I need someone cute to have movie dates with because rn. I am watching alone in the dark
- So , I'm Alone In The Dark Watching This Movie , &' This Lady Just Had The Creepiest Laugh Ever ! Lol , Ion Wanna Move Now
Oculus is such a trippy fucking movie holy shit! But I'm watching it alone, in the dark like a big girl
I'll make sure not to watch this movie alone in the dark again
when ur watching a horror movie but your friend decided to go home so ur all alone in the dark & ur scared af ://////
#horror #movie Alone in the Dark DVD Horror Christian Slater Tara Reid… http://dlvr.it/C7r5F8  #ebay #auction pic.twitter.com/VUgG5nh2ds
Wow so bow that it's 150am I guess I'll watch another horror movie alone in the dark
Watching a scary movie alone in the dark before bed because I really wanna piss myself tonight.
im going to regret watching this scary movie alone in the dark
I'm having a disney/movie marathon and i'm all alone in the dark and i'm kind of sad about that
I am watching the first Saw movie alone in the dark this is a new low.
After watching that movie... I'm kinda getting freaked out sitting here alone in the dark
Watching a sad movie alone in the dark sucks
When I watch a scary movie alone in the dark #turnallthelightson #INeedSomeLight... (Vine by @thewebbeffect19) https://vine.co/v/MQHqMHXdYmg 
"Alone in the Dark" (2005) is a surprisingly bad movie (F) #AhiMovieReviews <nuip9f>
when ya in your room alone in the dark & the ad for a scary movie comes on when all u trying to do is listen to ur song
So tonight I learned don't watch the movie unfriended alone in the dark
Sometimes I think I'll be hardcore and watch a scary movie alone in the dark but halfway through I always end up saying the rosary 4 times
I would go by myself but yes a scary movie and I can't handle it alone, in the dark
So apparently there's a director's cut of the Alone in the Dark movie in which Uwe Boll himself cut out all of Tara Reid's scenes lol
Guys it's @MattFini birthday so buy his books and send him all your ALONE IN THE DARK (1982) clips, fan-art, etc. It's his favorite movie.
WHY ARE THERE SCARY MOVIE ADS ON YOUTUBE THAT I CANT SKIP? LIKE NO IM ALONE IN THE DARK AND I DONT NEED 30SECS OF YOUR INSIDIOUS SHIT
Yo 1441807281130 "Alone in the Dark" (2005) is a crashing mess of a movie (F) #ConamaraViews <nuex0r>
So Spotify just recommended that I listen to the Alone In The Dark movie soundtrack.....how did I miss this movie?! pic.twitter.com/2Mo305gVq8
About to walk to the workout room all alone in the dark. Hopefully I don't become an Oxygen Channel movie of the week
Am I really expected to walk alone in the dark from my car to my house after watching a scary movie? #notcool
Screw these scary movie commercials when I'm alone in the dark. I get so paranoid
This spotify commercial for a scary movie needs to not come on when I'm all alone in the dark
Why am i watching a scary movie alone..: in the dark....
hey friends here's a life tip: don't watch a movie about alzheimer's alone in the dark because i'm not crying yOU'RE CRYING
ALONE IN THE DARK #FREE #THRILLER #HORROR #MOVIE http://thekillogiceffect.weebly.com/sinvision.html  pic.twitter.com/TIVldvh01t
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://youtu.be/xCO7FGs4hDs?a  Alone In The Dark (Full Movie)
pray for me I'm watching a scary movie alone in the dark
Moises is asleep and I'm alone in the dark scared for my life because of that movie
I loveeee when I'm alone in the dark watching tv and a scary movie commercial comes on and I can't find the remote
@elianalowry I am watching this alone in the dark but I think I'm gonna trust you on this. I'm gonna go with the bunny movie thanks
when you're alone in the dark with a giant TV and surround sound and horror movie commercials come on :-)
we're out to eat & my dad goes "when we get home, we can all watch a scary movie then run away and leave ky sitting there alone in the dark"
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://youtu.be/whx6wU4veCk?a  Alone in the Dark (2005) Full Movie | Action, Horror
Next movie! Alone In The Dark, starring Christian Slater. Working on my DVR this Labor Day weekend!
Watching a scary movie alone, in the dark, with headphones isn't my best idea
Watching a horror movie+ Alone + In the dark= No good night sleep
Every time I drive alone in the dark I swear I see scary things on the side of the road like I'm in some horror movie
Still not sure why Caleb likes to leave in the middle of a scary movie when he literally knows I'm gonna have to finish it alone in the dark
If Katy ever starred in a movie in a major role I would never stop watching that I would sit alone in the dark with no friends and just nah
@Homomybrosis94 Just watch a scary movie alone in the dark. You won't fell alone anymore.
I'm watching a scary movie alone in the dark someone help
#IWishICouldForget Alone in the dark the movie....
reminder that Wish I Had An Angel by Nightwish 's music video is based around Alone In The Dark... the movie
I can watch any scary movie at home alone in the dark & be totally chillin but The Twilight Zone at night FUCKS me uppp
whenever you're alone in the dark do you ever think about how truly fucked the bee movie was
Flop/Tanked Movie Openings of All Time 22. Alone in the Dark — $2.8 million Alone in the Dark (2005) - Promo Reel... http://fb.me/8HAV1LnlA 
That's one reason October is one of my fav months. Horror movie marathons and I watch alone, in the dark
Alone in the dark with a scary movie i wish @MatthewLush was here to hold me
Listening to Wildest Dreams alone in the dark is like a scene from a movie
I hate things like "describe your life with a movie title" cause every time I think of alone in the dark and that's just pathetic
Watches a sad movie alone in the dark
#horror #movie Alone in the Dark (DVD, 2005) http://dlvr.it/C1Jb1Q  #ebay #auction pic.twitter.com/l4VITFIllN
When you see a terrifying movie and your stuck alone in the dark basement...wide awake
Driving home alone in the dark after a scary movie is not the business.
horror movie, alone in the dark time
Currently watching a horror movie alone, in the dark, while its storming outside.
Horror movie suggestions? And yes I am one of those people who likes to watch horror movies alone in the dark
when youre home alone in the dark and youre just trying to watch justin's new song and the ad that plays turns out to be for a horror movie
Commitment is, is watching a horror movie, alone in the dark & not flinching, not even for a second lol
can't even go on youtube bc the only ad playing is one for a scary movie & I'm alone in the dark lol I can't deal w/ that shit rn
So @Brooke_Sidney97 starts watching a scary movie with me then leaves me alone in the dark to take a shower I'll remember this one!
@lynn0p Don't think he directed this one, at least. I'm still trying to forget his Alone in the Dark movie.
I'm probably gonna regret watching a scary movie alone in the dark but yolo
When I watch a scary movie alone in the dark #turnallthelightson #INeedSomeLight... (Vine by @thewebbeffect19) https://vine.co/v/MQHqMHXdYmg 
why do I always want to watch a scary movie alone, in the dark?!
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/whx6wU4veCk?a  Alone in the Dark (2005) Full Movie | Action, Horror
ALONE IN THE DARK #FREE #SLASHER #HORROR #THRILLER #MOVIE http://thekillogiceffect.weebly.com/alone-in-the-dark.html … pic.twitter.com/DNaADzdvO3
Omg there just was a trailer of a horror movie on my TV and I saw it sitting here alone in the dark just with the light of my phone
The movie wasn't scary but I'm not about to be alone in the dark
there's an Uwe Boll movie called Alone In The Dark on TV and this is quite possibly the worst movie I've ever seen. in every way.
Why did I think that watching a scary movie alone in the dark at this time was a good idea
ALONE IN THE DARK #FREE #horror #thriller #MOVIE http://thekillogiceffect.weebly.com/alone-in-the-dark.html … pic.twitter.com/gOevRlvDnM
love when horror movie trailers come on before a youtube video when you're alone in the dark at 2:30 a.m.
PERFECT SENSE is just not the right movie to watch alone, in the dark, when you're sick. Bloody hell. That was pretty grim.
Watching a creepy movie alone in the dark is not one of my best ideas.
"It's just a movie" They said. "It'll be fine." They said. Finding that hard to believe while sitting alone in the dark at my apartment...
Watching a scary movie before I have to drive alone in the dark is not a good idea
Watching a scary movie with the lights on cause no one wanna watch it with me and im scared to watch it alone in the dark
Rondon and the movie alone in the dark.
Its nights like these when im all alone in the dark....that i regret watching that scary movie
I watched a scary movie Mom laughed cuz I was scared Now I'm alone in the dark @Laughing_Jacob save me! ;-;
when ur home alone in the dark n a scary movie preview comes on
cried while watching a movie. in the living room. alone. in the dark.
oh boy, I hope I don't regret watching a horror movie. alone. in the dark.
why do I torture myself by watching a really sad movie alone, in the dark, at 2 in the morning? #IfIStay #bawlingmyeyesout
Watching a scary movie alone in the dark. Pray for me.
watching a scary movie then having to drive home alone in the dark... lol not okayy
My level of masochism is in top being alone, in the dark, and well nervous fear movie.
don't ever watch a scary movie alone in the dark when you know your gonna get a panic attack
Whenever I drive alone in the dark every scary movie I've ever watched pops into my head
when you turn on a scary movie w your dad and he falls asleep 5 mins in leaving you alone in the dark
life of pi is the perfect movie to watch alone in the dark on a huge flat screen tv
Deciding to watch a scary movie alone in the dark right before bed. Probably not my best choice
is it a bad idea for me to watch a horror movie alone in the dark in my room? yes. am i still going to do it? of course.
@Film4FrightFest #Podcast ALONE IN THE DARK: OVER 80 YEARS OF STALK AND SLASH http://www.britflicks.com/blog.aspx?blogid=20709 … @AITD_Movie_Book @LeytonRocks @HaydW1
Got challenged to watch a horror movie alone....IN THE DARK
I just spent the last 2 hours crying to a movie alone in the dark.. #mylife
I have no one to walk with to the Movie tonight...I can't walk alone in the DARK! #UNT19 #FFW #buddysystem?
Watching a scary movie alone in the dark .. Oh man.
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://youtu.be/whx6wU4veCk?a  Alone in the Dark (2005) Full Movie | Action, Horror
So I'm here alone in the dark waiting for her to finish watching a movie with her fam so I can get a call
Why is it I think of every scary movie I've ever watched when I'm walking alone in the dark
So I'm laying in bed alone in the dark and I go to watch a YouTube video when a creepy ass movie ad comes on and I cant skip it Wtf @youtube
yeah bronwyn that's right its a great idea to watch a creepy ass movie alone in the dark a+ decision
having a horror movie marathon alone in the dark is probably not the best idea but i'm doing it anyway
What kind of person watches a scary movie at night, all alone, in the dark. Me. I am that person
WHAU IS THIS IM OSTTING IB MUROOM ALONE IN THE DARK WHY A HORROR MOVIE COMMERCIAL WHY
when you're sitting alone in the dark and a horror movie commercial comes on ...
Can u not play a horror movie trailer when I'm home alone in the dark. Thanks!!!
When you're watching tv alone in the dark and a horror movie trailer comes on...
What movie should I watch alone in the dark
Watching a scary movie while I'm downstairs alone in the dark wasn't one of my best decisions :')
I do not recommend "Unfriended" as a movie you watch when you're alone in the dark
Why am I watching a scary movie alone in the dark? Idk #ripmysleep
That cslater movie I saw today mmm "alone in the dark" I'm surprised I still love him
New post: Alone in the Dark 2 Movie Review http://gamesretrospect.com/2015/08/alone-in-the-dark-2-movie-review/ …
not a good idea to : watch a scary movie at night alone in the dark
WHY DID MY GRANDMA PUT ON THE SCARIEST FUCKING MOVIE SHE COULD FIND, GO TO SLEEP, AND LEAVE ME ALONE IN THE DARK LIVING ROOM.
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://youtu.be/xCO7FGs4hDs?a  Alone In The Dark (Full Movie)
#horror #movie Alone in the Dark (DVD, 2005) http://dlvr.it/BqqTPB  #ebay #auction pic.twitter.com/yhUbiNxNGB
Lately I've been doing this thing where I'll watch a scary movie alone in the dark at like 2 in the morning
I never realised I wanted a sequel to Goon. That movie's my one guilty pleasure, other than crying drunk and alone in the dark
Seriously why must scary movie commercials come on while I'm watching tv alone in the dark
I h8 seeing this scary movie commercial when I'm alone & in the darkI'm so scary.
If I were to describe my sex life with a movie title then I'd say "Alone in the dark" or "Toy Story" would work ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
Katie just tried to get up and leave me watching a scary movie alone in the dark LOL no bitch
@ZeroMH @TheRedpunk DON'T FORGET ABOUT ALONE IN THE DARK, THE BEST VIDEO GAME MOVIE EVER!
the movie theatre just straight up broke and we were in the theatre alone in the dark and I was really spooked and ready to get murdered
#download & #watch Alone in the Dark (2005) http://dlvr.it/BpX54D  #movie
Batman & Robin, Movie 43, Catwoman, Showgirls, Superman IV, Master of Disguise, Howard the Duck, Alone in the Dark, Baby Geniuses, etc.
@_GrahamPatrick if I wanted to sit alone in the dark watching a movie, I could do it at home for free.
Me logic - oh! movie about monsters in the dark! I should watch it alone...IN THE DARK! #movienight
I'm the kind of girl who would choose a horror movie over a chick flick any day… And would watch it alone in the dark
Watching certain episodes of criminal minds ... Alone ... In the dark ... When you can hardly glance at a horror movie ... Is a bad idea ...
I hate when scary ass movie trailers come on and I'm all alone in the dark
15. Do you get scared when a scary movie commercial comes on while your in your room alone in the dark ?
@Tigers__Roar My movie advice isn't great but it creeped me out bad & I watched it alone in the dark. If you watch it, don't watch it alone.
About to watch a scary movie alone, in the dark, at night. If I die, you know why.
@Fact Who need romantic movie when you can watch horror alone in the dark .
@CasterlyDuff Uwe Boll, one of the most notorious directors in recent times. Directed such films as the Alone in the Dark movie and House of
watching a scary movie tonight, all alone, in the dark, w this thunder while eating a maruchan. FWM #perfect
@alxtruJ sit alone in the dark and take in the entire movie... It's honestly a masterpiece
why are horror movie ads a thing like im trying to watch YouTube at midnight alone in the dark don't give me a horror movie ad
Jeepers Creepers is the only movie to ever scare me and I'm watching it alone in the dark
I'm such a nerd Sitting alone in the dark watching my second Harry Potter movie as I see my irl friends got plans #foreveralone
Y am I watching s scary movie alone in the dark
Yes I would watch a scary movie alone in the dark
I've been walking alone in the dark outside today, right after watching a horror movie. My bf was texting me though! pic.twitter.com/GZeTnMnmGS
#horror #movie Alone in the Dark (Director s Cut) New DVD http://dlvr.it/Bm5qyp  #ebay #auction pic.twitter.com/bSBhDJqWML
Alone in the dark (2015) A young woman lives through a dark and sordid past while living on the street, https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KBdKTYnhHeM … #Movie
wow so glad i watched a scary movie trailer alone in the dark and i have to get up and do things so i do not DIE now
Watching Alone In The Dark 2 for Bill Moseley. I don't like the first movie. Hoping the sequel is better
i just watched the movie 'penguins of madagascar : the movie' alone in the dark and you could say i am not proud
I want to watch the rest of that movie trailer but I'm alone in the dark
Nothing's worse than driving home alone in the dark on back roads right after watching a scary movie and having to pass a graveyard.
SOS I watched a scary movie preview all alone in the dark and now I can't bring myself to come out from under the covers, someone call 911
who just RTed that creepy ass movie trailer omg i was alone in the dark ahsd
22 years old and I watch the 1D movie to fall asleep because I'm scared to fall asleep alone in the dark in my new apartment #iamachild
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://youtu.be/xCO7FGs4hDs?a  Alone In The Dark (Full Movie)
if a new IT movie is coming out I HAVE to go see it but I probably won't be able to sleep alone in the dark for like 2 weeks
@MTV needs to chill with the horror movie previews im sitting alone in the dark i don't need this
I hate watching a scary movie and then having to go to bed....alone...in the dark
I'm like a person in a movie ab having PTSD, literally sitting alone in the dark in a corner of the living room bolt upright in an armchair
why do I put myself in danger by watching a scary movie alone in the dark
Sitting here watching a cheesy shark movie alone in the dark actually reacting to the sharks attacking what am I even doing
I hate when I'm watching tv alone in the dark & a commercial for a scary movie comes on
Nothing worse than being in your room alone in the dark high af and a scary ass movie trailer comes on the TV
Watched scary movie alone in the dark. Pretty sure there's someone watching me. Can't sleep. Send help.
Yes Monica read more scary stories after watching a scary movie by yourself alone in the dark!!!!
The scariest moment in life is when you're alone in the dark watching tv and a trailer for a scary movie comes on
Watching a scary movie alone in the dark.. lol
Watching a horror movie trailer is not a good idea when you're all alone in the dark
Lol let me tell u don't watch The Chosen alone in the dark I'm freaking out lol but I love the movie so far @KianLawley @TheChosenMovie
Watching a scary movie, then I gotta go home all alone in the dark.. Great :-)
When everything feels eerie and feels like a horror movie... It's usually when you're alone in the dark
@durisfamous that movie actually lowkey frightened the hell out of me never watching it alone in the dark again
watching another scary movie ep of dawsons creek alone in the dark again i love life :)
NEVER get left scared after a horror movie, and a ken it got poor reviews but The Gallows left me scared to be alone in the dark last night
he said "I'm alone in the dark watching a movie" and I replied "well get u some friends & turn the fucking lights on"
How come every scary movie people are alone in the dark?
I would rather be waterboarded than have to watch a horror movie alone in the dark
Photo: NB: not the best idea to watch Mama - alone / in the dark / at all #AHH #scary #mama #movie... http://tmblr.co/ZxEcPu1qceoeJ 
Driving home alone in the dark after watching a scary movie is not the smartest idea....
Watching a movie in the living room alone, In the dark, and hearing something in the kitchen...
@maxmoefoe and now, Alone In the Dark became the best movie ever... /sarcasm
Nights when you sit alone in the dark watching a violent crime movie and collecting reference photos of flowers. next up: fireworks!
What the worst thing to do alone, in the dark, at 3 am? Watch a scary movie. What am I doing? #SomeoneSaveMe
for being touted as an action movie Alone in the Dark is aggravatingly boring
im watching Alone in the Dark and i hav e no idea what's happening. half the movie is people shooting guns. how am i over halfway through it
i feel like watching a horror movie alone in the dark is a bad idea but also i want to do that tonight
When I watch a scary movie alone in the dark #turnallthelightson #INeedSomeLight... (Vine by @thewebbeffect19) https://vine.co/v/MQHqMHXdYmg 
Why do I think it's a good idea to watch a horror movie and then walk home alone in the dark during a storm?
Sleeping with Asbiel tonight because fuck sleeping alone in the dark after watching a hella scary movie
Watching this movie alone in the dark might not be a good idea
@EveryBrokenWave - According to Metacritic and Rotten Tomatoes, Alone in the Dark has the lowest rating of any video game movie.
n I'm watching a semi scary movie not even looking to go out alone in the dark
Walking outside alone in the dark is always so much scarier after watching a horror movie
I can't sleep alone in the dark, i just watched an horror movie.
@Video_Game_King The Super Mario Bros. movie is awful, but positively quaint next to Alone in the Dark.
It's movie night...alone in the dark. This movie may freak me out lol! — watching The Lazarus Effect
lmao love seeing demonic horror movie previews when im alone in the dark in my room late at night i wanna cry
i want a cigarette, but i watched a scary movie last night and now dont want to sit alone in the dark on my back porch????
Alone in the dark full movie https://youtu.be/lIGx4dZm2UI 
ALONE IN THE DARK (1982) like a 3 Stooges movie, but if they were serial killers. And not funny. Or scary. pic.twitter.com/yLQv8KPYSb
I always decide to watch a terrible movie alone in the dark when there's an earthquake...And now all the neighborhood cats are going crazy
Coming soon is not the type of horror movie you would wanna watch alone in the dark.
Watching a scary movie alone in the dark with headphones on; obviously I hate myself.
it's like 4am and i'm just sitting alone in the dark watching a Disney movie. Am I depressed ?
when u watch a scary movie and want to go to bed but u don't want to lay alone in the dark
Should I watch a horror movie alone in the dark? Because that is a thing I do just because I have no one to watch horror movies with.
Why'd I decide to watch this scary movie alone in the dark?
Alone in the dark was a great movie
That moment when your alone in the dark and see a scary movie commercial/add... :(
Decided it would be a fun idea to watch a horror movie until 1am. Alone. In the dark basement.
Thanks to my new weight loss regimen I can fit into my Alone in the Dark T again.Now if only this movie didn't suck. pic.twitter.com/VgIdx8YfxY
@MarkDuplass @patrick_brice Watching Creep alone, in the dark, & now I have to worry about wolf masks...Awesome horror movie!
Just made the decision to watch a horror movie, while alone in the dark This is probably a bad decision
Watch a horror movie alone... In the dark. Suddenly the whole house becomes creeky as fuck #Chill #HorrorMovies #insidiouschapter3
This wouldn't be a movie I'd want to watch alone, in the dark... If this video freaks you out, be sure to rate it! https://studios.amazon.com/projects/81702#player/113098 …
why am I watching a demonic movie alone in the dark
Woah. I'm watching Nosferatu (1922) alone in the dark, as it storms, and the date in the movie is July 14!
@AmazingPhil Jesus Philip! I'm 13 and I've watched that movie ALONE in the Dark! I win
@AmazingPhil I love that movie although I felt the same phil, the first time I saw it, I watched it alone in the dark bad idea...
Let's go watch a scary Movie .. @alvarosamai alone ... In the dark
When you have to drive home alone in the dark after watching a scary movie <<<
why am i watching a horror movie, alone, in the dark, in my basement?
Sitting here alone in the dark smoking a cigg and watching a movie and thinking to — watching The Divergent Series: Insurgent
Alone In The Dark. "Get rid of this movie," my wife pleaded. Review here: http://www.podcrawlers.com/movies/aloneinthedark.html … pic.twitter.com/e4GVaT8C4q
I've watched every horror movie in the world, like I could be watching the freaking exorcist alone in the dark and not even flinch idk
kinda wanna watch this horror movie, but I'm alone in the dark
SAM PUT ON A SCARY ASS MOVIE AND THEN LEFT ME ALONE IN THE DARK W NO PANTS ON WHAT THE FUCK NOT OKAY AT ALL IDFW SCARY MOVIES
Sitting home alone in the dark, might as well just put on a horror movie
Am I making a big mistake by watching a scary movie while I'm home...alone...in the dark?
LIKE IM SHAKING BECAUSE I'M ALONE IN THE DARK ABOUT TO WATCH A SCARY MOVIE IN THE DARK. DID I MENTION IT WAS DARK AND IM ALONE??
1am an I heard my brother crying after waking up in the movie room alone in the dark and now we're cuddling in bed, ur brother goals
finna watch a horror movie alone in the dark damn
Ok. Gonna watch this movie alone in the dark. Good luck to me.  — kijkt naar I Know What You Did Last Summer
Alone in the Dark The New Nightmare Full Movie All Cutscenes Cinematic #1: http://youtu.be/FTp9v4vAO58?a  via @YouTube
I hate it when a scary movie trailer comes on as a commercial and I'm just in my room all alone in the dark....
i just watched a really scary movie with my friend and she left me alone in the dark in her room im going to die!
I'd appreciate it if scary movie commercials did not come on when I'm sitting alone in the dark. Thanks
Tanner's defense mechanism for scary movies is sleeping and leaves me alone in the dark to watch the movie by myself
It's almost a rule that anytime I'm alone in the dark after midnight I remember every creepy thing from every horror movie I've ever seen
Why do I watch horror movie trailers alone in the dark?
@halseybeaftlwt and I'm alone, in the dark watching a movie
But then again, I'm alone in the dark with this movie playing..
it kinda felt like we were in a horror movie... roaming the streets alone in the dark
Every once in a while I like to reassert my manhood by watching a scary movie alone in the dark. Tonight is one of those nights. #ItFollows
Watching a children's movie alone in the dark on a Friday night
You're Next is stressing me out to the max and I'm alone in the dark drinking wine, why I am I watching a horror movie.
Watching a horror movie alone in the dark ... "The Hitcher" now on #ITV #TheHitcher
A horror movie alone in the dark and in a rainy night is sure as scary as hell!
so nice when you watch a horror movie w your friend and he goes home and you see yourself alone in the dark probably surrounded by spirits
Driving home alone in the dark after watching the scariest movie ever probably was the most terrifying thing I've had to do.
Sitting alone in the dark at home watching a scary movie because I'm an adult.. Sorta.
If anyone wants to watch a really good scary movie, check out The Babadook. Just don't watch it alone in the dark
why the fuck am i watching a scary movie alone in the dark right now
So I was watching a scary movie all alone in the dark when my dog decided to jump out of no where. I almost shitted myself
I hate how MTV plays horror movie commercials when it's midnight and I'm sitting alone in the dark in my basement.
Nothing like watching a scary movie and driving home alone in the dark
#download & #watch Alone in the Dark 7 (2010) (V) http://dlvr.it/BNLqgB  #movie
Ok time to watch a paranormal movie alone in the dark, I'm insane
fuck these horror movie trailers when I'm all alone in the dark
#Seventeen_ASC #AskSeventeen_ASC @arirang_ASC Vernon would you watch a horror movie alone in the dark? angeline from USA
Ooooookaaaayyyy 10mins in and I fully accept that I am a wimp and cannot watch this movie alone in the dark #insidiousChapter3
that movie commercial got me fucked up ! I was in the living room alone in the dark fuck that !
Scary movie commercials, can you not air when I'm watching tv alone...in the dark...ALONE.
Nothing is more scary then watching a scary movie alone in the dark & hearing noises & your dog barking
Alone in the dark.Exactly the way a horror movie should be watched — watching Insidious: Chapter 3
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://youtu.be/xCO7FGs4hDs?a  Alone In The Dark (Full Movie)
The @lookofsilence is not a first date movie. It's a film one wants to see alone, in the dark, and with sufficient time to digest.
I hate when I'm alone in the dark and a scary movie trailer comes on lol.
Just when I started to watch a movie on Netflix our power goes out. Now I'm eating dinner alone in the dark. pic.twitter.com/BIDK9aEgSF
watching a scary movie alone in the dark ok
I'm too creeped out to be watching this movie alone in the dark idc how nit scary it is i'm a punk
When ur alone in the dark listening to pandora through headphones and a scary movie ad plays <
IM SITTING ALONE IN THe DARK SOBBING BECAUSE OF THIS DAMN MOVIE I
So watching a horror movie alone...in the dark...is a great way not to get sleep
Walking home alone in the dark after watching a scary movie was definitely not a good decision
Not sure what possessed me to watch a horror movie alone & in the dark... judgement is slipping, cue 1D tunes and and happy thoughts! lol
Alone, in the dark, with a horror movie- this should end well
Watching Insidious Chapter 3 alone in the dark, the movie hasn't even started yet and I'm freaking out
Why do scary movie trailers only come on when you're alone in the dark...
Watching Alone in the Dark for the first time. Not sure why this "feels" so much like a TV show... or maybe a Sci-fi original movie.
movie marathon while alone in the dark pic.twitter.com/vyiVLp4i2S
IM WATCHING A HORROR MOVIE ALONE IN THE DARK AND MY DAD SCARED THE HELL OUT OF ME. NOT COOL
im alone in the dark watching a horror movie omg i miss doin this
I hate staying alone in the dark after a horror movie @Nashgrier HELP
Walking home alone in the dark is when I remember every single horror movie I've seen
2am horror movie marathons are all fun and games until I have to go to bed alone in the dark
The final scene of the Lego movie is maybe the hardest I've ever laughed at a movie. Alone. In the dark. Watching on my laptop. A year later
watching a horror movie alone in the dark at 12:27am is probably not a good idea
Last time I listened to that song, it was still in 240p. And had footage from "Alone in the Dark" movie. https://youtu.be/wEERFBI9eCg 
I'm watching a scary movie alone in the dark and there's a really bad thunderstorm ffffff
why am i watching this scary movie alone in the dark?
@whoismrrobot watching ya'll,alone,in the dark.is scaring the crap out of me lol. It's like watching a scary movie #MOMMY lol #deletemydebt
Mom just called me from a Vegas casino and I'm home alone in the dark watching a Rachel Weiss movie so I'm pretty sure we Freaky Friday-ed
@Matt_Kacar @Chewiejds A lot. Mario bros, Far Cry, Silent Hills, Tomb raider, and alone in the dark. lol i love the mortal kombat movie
me: sits alone in the dark singing if we were a movie by hannah montana
Watching a scary movie alone in the dark when I jump and spill my beer...
@SchmoesKnow Let's all agree Alone in the Dark is the worst video game movie. #SchmoesKnow
When you watch a horror movie trailer alone in the dark - dean-luvs-pie: http://tmblr.co/ZqJwss1nU90h8 
"Alone in the Dark" (1982) is a tender movie (B) #AhiMovieReviews <nq58ro>
that moment when you're laying alone in the dark and a preview for a horror movie comes on yo tv
@TheProfessor_K Best horror movie I've seen since I was 10.. Watch it alone, in the dark, with the sound up in you headphones/monitor
Luv when I'm downstairs alone in the dark and a scary movie preview comes on!!!!!
All the fuses just blew... And I'm alone in the dark... 2 days after watching a scary movie :( help!
@MiniLaddd I watched your latest video and when you guys were alone in the dark i felt like it was a movie premiere with spotlights
"come into my house and get naked. let's chill in the hot tub alone in the dark" this movie what the hell this girl so dumb
Shout to the north bball girls for turning on a sad movie then one by one falling asleep. I love crying alone in the dark
Watching this scary movie alone in the dark yay
Would it be stupid if I watched a horror movie right now, alone in the dark?
want to watch a scary movie but then I won't sleep and I'm not tryna be up at 3AM alone in the dark. lmao
I won't be alone in the dark ever again after that movie
Driving home alone in the dark after a scary movie is literally the scariest thing of my life
crying alone in the dark because The Best of Me is such a good movie
Cuddled up and ready to have a movie night date for 1. Its me. Im the one. Im watching this alone. In the dark.
Electricity went out. I'm all alone in the dark. This looks like the start of a horror movie!
@KyleTheDurp I keep forgetting Alone In The Dark is actually a game series. All I remember is that damn movie.
Probably shouldn't be watching a scary movie by myself home alone in the dark
The movie I never seen no one or heard of no boby watchn it alone in the dark and livn to tell about it
OF COURSE GALILEA WOULD LEAVE ME ALONE IN THE DARK DURING A SCARY MOVIE WTF
That movie wasn't scary 10 minutes ago, but now that I'm in my room alone in the dark, of course it's terrifying. #vampires
Watching a scary movie alone in the dark while it's storming out. #PoorLifeChoices
watching a movie alone in the dark makes me feel kind of peaceful
Watching a scary movie alone in the dark was a bad idea
@ashleyyharriss watch a scary movie then by yourself home alone in the dark
I could watch a scary ass movie and sleep alone in the dark..unless its a two floor house then thats a problem im a city girl
I don't believe in guilty pleasures but if I did, Alone in the Dark would definitely be a guilty pleasure. Haha, this movie is so bad!
Watch Alone in the Dark and House of the Dead movie director Uwe Boll's extraordinary anti-Hollywood rant: http://dspy.me/1HifFBG 
@Sophia_Abigail_ it wasn't but like im home alone in the dark and the shit from the movie keeps popping up in my head
Driving home alone in the dark after a scary movie is the shit I don't like
Bout to watch a scary movie alone in the dark cause I'm on vacation and yolo
Watching this movie alone in the dark, listening to J K Simmons' monologue is a seriously bad idea... #DarkSkies
Yeah idk why I would watch a scary movie alone in the dark but here I am
iris is making me watch a scary movie and I'm alone in the dark someone cuddle me please
Okay, so maybe watching a horror movie alone in the dark wasn't my brightest idea.
i had a break down and cried bc i had to drive home after the movie alone in the dark traumatized
when a movie toys with ur emotions to the point where ur sobbing all alone in the dark
watching a scary movie, alone, in the dark, in the bathtub. it's like I'm asking to get murdered.
Just watched a scary movie with my friend, and now she's asleep and I'm alone in the dark and scared
You know you're bored when you come home and put on a scary movie and watch it alone in the dark
The surround sound in this house is scarin the crap out of me as I sit here watchin the movie, alone...in the dark. I'm scared of the dark.
Watching THE RING. Why? Because watching a creepy girl crawling out of the TV sounds like the perfect movie to watch alone in the dark!
WAtching a scary movie. Alone. In the dark (-:
Directed by Uwe Boll https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-xPIdta_uXI … Alone In the Dark's movie single...badass - you know it's true
I'm watching a horror movie alone in the dark. I'm basically on a death wish
Look, Mom, I know I'm eating ice cream straight out of the bucket at 2 am watching a shitty movie alone in the dark but I'm fine I swear...
why did i think watching a horror movie alone in the dark at 2:30am was a good idea
When you see it on television or in a movie, you always cringe: “I’ll be fine alone in the dark woods with a... http://fb.me/7gxm3loUp 
This is the third time Adrian's put on a scary movie and fell right tf asleep, leaving me to watch it alone in the dark.
Brianna always puts on a scary movie and then falls asleep so I have to watch it alone in the dark
I'm sleeping in the basement, alone, in the dark... after watching that movie
when the insidious movie trailer plays and you're alone in the dark so you scream and run out of your room
"Describe your sex life with a movie title" "Alone in the dark" HAHAHAHAHHAHAHAA
Scary movie commercials can go die. Especially at night. When I'm alone. In the dark.
@lelied I sat through all of Alone in the Dark fine. Me being unable to watch a movie in one go is a BAD SIGN.
If your life were a movie, what would be the title? — Alone in the dark. Oha. Hahahaha http://ask.fm/a/c86f591o 
I hate when I'm watching tv alone in the dark and then a scary movie preview wanna come on
Probably shouldn't have watched a scary movie before bed since I sleep alone in the dark basement.
Well I'm never watching that movie alone in the dark again
#NigerianMovie NEW MOVIE ALERT! Alone in the Dark: Just to inherit the husband's wealth, Madam Vero… http://bit.ly/1KxiRuY  #naijapals
Battle Royal movie night. Now I'm alone in the dark and afraid of knife-wielding Japanese school children.
I think I'm allergic to avocados. I see no reason to go on. I'm just itching alone in the dark watching a movie.
Watching a scary movie alone in the dark at 2:30am and hearing a weird tap on the window like shit.
I'm about to watch a scary movie. At home. Alone. In the dark. Pray for ya home girl
Sitting alone. In the dark. Watching a horror movie. Not my best idea. #creepedout
@PhilsBearsCaps if you like scary movies I'd recommend the first movie, but you have to watch it alone in the dark!
Alone In The Dark #Movie pic.twitter.com/Q0bZWyytkV
Watching a horror movie at night, completely home alone, in the dark is a bad idea. But that's exactly what I'm doing.
when u wanna watch the trailer to a scary movie coming out but ur too scared to cause ur alone in the dark :-//
Maybe it wasn't such a good idea to watch the movie Sinister at Midnight....alone....in the dark.Am getting some heebie jeebies #Outlander
so. Oculus messed me up. watching a scary movie alone in the dark at midnight was NOT the brightest idea.
A more desperate movie would be playing oppressive "tense" music while he's alone in the dark. #TTSSLT
Its soooooooooo nice out (but i have no life so i'll probably watch a movie alone in the dark)
@HerRareRose i'm the guy who yells at horror movie characters not to do stupid things like walk out alone in the dark
im watchin a scary movie ... alone ... in the dark ... help
scary movie commercials when u alone in the dark<<<<<<
If Hulu shows one more scary movie commercial while I'm watching tv alone, in the dark, I swear... I'm gonna be sleeping in my mama's bed.
There's nothing quite like watching a scary movie alone in the dark
Currently watching a scary movie alone in the dark in someone else's house while its lightning outside. Y do I do this to myself.
.lol being brave... @CallMeFreshmin It doesn't get any realer than watching a horror movie alone in the dark!
I'm home alone in the dark and bare fucking horror movie trailers keep coming on the TV! They need to fuck off
Watching this scary ass movie alone in the dark probably wasn't my best idea
Watching a scary movie alone in the dark and during a thunderstorm is not okay
Never realized how chill my living room is alone in the dark with a movie trippy
When you're on YouTube in your bed.. alone.. in the dark.. horror movie advertisements should not be allowed to be played before the video.
Wow FML I hate when a scary movie preview comes on TV when I'm alone in the dark.
I'm alone in the dark you are crazy if you think I'm gonna watch this movie trailer alone
Sure! Let's watch a scary alien movie...alone...in the dark..hiding under my lion king blanket..
Is it a good idea to watch this scary movie alone in the dark this late at night? No. Am I going to do it anyways? Of course. #nosleep4me
My dog just left the room and is laying in bedroom alone. In the dark. Even he can't take this movie #50ShadesofGrey
Why am I watching a scary movie alone in the dark? #badidea
Bad idea to watch a scary movie alone in the dark .......
horror movie commercials need to stop coming on while I'm alone in the dark
Cool so can creepy as fuck movie trailers not come on while I'm alone in the dark? That would we great
Okay now that I've had my super girly movie of the day...time to finish The Sixth Sense. Alone. In the dark. Again. Yayyy
Nightwish - I Wish I Had An Angel - from Alone in The Dark movie - music video directed by Uwe Boll https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-xPIdta_uXI … @Rampage3Movie
Raina WHY tell her your plans to expose her alone in the dark? Have you never seen a horror movie?? #AgentOfSHIELD
I have this entire theater to myself for Maggie. I'm totally fine watching a zombie movie alone in the dark. #gulp
A good horror movie is alone in the dark!
a commercial for a scary movie just came on while I'm sitting alone in the dark I am noT OKAY
That Netflix stuff is funny..Don't think Ive ever watched a full movie alone in the dark with a dude I was seeing, an actually FINISH it
Never watch It Follows alone in the dark. Ever. Hands down creepiest movie I have ever watched @itfollowsfilm
@scebelers I don't think this is a movie to watch alone in the dark lol
Started watching a scary movie an now I'm actually scared af to be in this house alone, in the dark, I am about to cry prob
I don't know why I thought watching a scary movie alone in the dark was a good idea
I'm gonna watch a scary movie alone in the dark. I know that this is not a good idea. I am doing it anyway.
Just sat and watched Warrior all alone in the dark in honor of being done with finals. Freaking love that movie. And Tom Hardy's traps #huge
H19BD to my fashion expert, my go to when I'm walking alone in the dark, my scary movie buddy, my… https://instagram.com/p/2b6-noLNuc/ 
When you're watching a horror movie alone in the dark and you hear a noise. http://gph.is/15AcHUC?tc=1  via @giphy
CAN A SCARY ASS MOVIE PREVIEW NOT COME ON AS IM SITTING ALONE IN THE DARK. SHIT.
I feel I'm not afraid alone in the dark but I'm scared in horror movie.
Fuck scary movie commercials that only come out at night! When I'm in my room... all alone... in the dark.
Can't stand when scary movie ads come on when I'm alone in the dark
Scary movie ad when I'm alone in the dark
Why do these scary movie advertisements have to come out when I'm laying alone in the dark!? :(
I can't lie.. I still have to turn my head and cover my ears when I'm laying here alone in the dark and horror movie previews come on.
Scary movie commercials while sitting alone in the dark is not okay.
Hell no, I'm not about to watch that scary movie commercial alone in the dark right now.
Last Second OutBid RT↺ http://tinyurl.com/n474x26  Horror Beta Movie - Alone In The Dark ↺Please Favorite & Share
Pandora likes to save their scary movie ads for when you're alone in the dark
im sitting alone in the dark and i watched a scary movie earlier and all of a sudden the damn walls start shaking and im like jESUS HELP ME
when everyone sleep and you up watching the scary movie alone in the dark
Everyone watching the fight and I'm over watching a movie on the Syfy channel alone in the dark
about to watch a scary movie alone in the dark :)))
So why is it that I choose to watch a horror movie...alone...in the dark...at this time of night? #WontSleep #1408 #IMightDie
Video: Episode 49: Alone In The Dark from Sean Moore on Vimeo.The only thing scary about this movie is the... http://tmblr.co/ZR1aIr1jpJGvU 
When something awkward is happening in a movie I sort of just grimace and glance around even though I'm laying in my bed alone in the dark
Oh no, please Pandora, do play an ad of a scary movie when I'm all alone in the dark! I don't mind at all :-)
I'm crying at a bad Robert Pattinson movie alone in the dark all I want is chocolate and a cat. Pls stay away from me for ~10 days
Yes I wanna hear all about the new poltergeist movie while I'm alone in the dark thank you
blair witch project is a stupid ass movie but if you watch it alone in the dark you'll probably be 2 sp00ked
I love when scary movie commercials come on when I'm watching tv alone in the dark
If a scary movie commercial comes on & I'm alone in the dark, I either fast forward it or change the channel till it goes off
idk why YouTube thinks it's okay to play scary movie trailers while I'm alone in the dark
LOVE ROSIE THE BEST MOVIE IVE EVER SEEN IT EXPLAINS MY LIFE WITHOUT THE BABY FUCK JESUS HOLD ME IM CRYING ALONE IN THE DARK
I'm alone in the dark And I just watched a scary movie -Jordan
I just finished watching Her movie alone in the dark and now I'm crying by myself
0860: "What is a good horror movie to watch alone in the dark with the sound all the way up?" (By 'A') Have a... http://fb.me/55jvaPLG4 
I'd sleep here but my sister just made me watch a scary movie & I refuse to sleep down here alone, in the dark, with all these windows.
I hate seeing scary movie commercials in the middle of the night when I'm alone in the dark lmao
I need guy that is willing to watch a scary movie with me alone in the dark and isn't gonna be more scared than I me, and I don't get scared
Maybe I shouldn't have picked this movie to watch alone in the dark
I have I love that movie. I watched it in the theatre and the second time at home alone in the dark ;) https://twitter.com/realbarbi2749/status/590112801219313664 …
im doin it guys... im goin in... time to watch a horror movie alone in the dark ;__;
I don't know why I watched that movie alone in the dark. Lol. Freaked the shit out of me
I can hear my family in the living room laughing over a movie but I'm just fine laying here alone in the dark reading
Watching a scary movie all alone in the dark... So who's gonna come comfort me
I'm in bed alone in the dark watching a sad movie. Turnt on a Saturday night
@TheBabadook is shit-your-pants scary. Why am I watching this with head phones alone in the dark? This movie will kill me #crazyscary
Ight so now I have to watch every saw movie alone in the dark because it's too interesting ...
@Septicor @SynGamer I sat through the Uwe Boll Alone in the Dark movie in the theater.
lol movie is over and I'm all alone in the dark but too lazy to get up... oh whale...
what the fuck gives you the right to play the ad for a horror movie at 2:30 in the morning when I'm alone in the dark @pandora_radio
Shouldn't have watched that scary movie alone in the dark tbh. ,,,, I don't like the dark lol
Why pandora gotta give scary movie advertisements like the fuck im in my room alone in the dark ..-_-
is there a place like the movie theater where i can sit alone in the dark for awhile and chill without being barraged by sound and pictures
When you're chilling home alone in the dark, about to watch a movie & someone wants to #FaceTime. LET THERE BE LIGHT! #darkskinproblems
HAHA Megaroo and I are not the kind of people that can be left alone in the dark to watch a scary movie........ #isitoveryet
Omg. They made an alone in the dark movie adaptation of the video game and it stars Tara Reid? Who knew?
I will never be able to watch a scary movie alone in the dark
Watch a scary movie alone in the dark it's great
dont ever watch a terrifying movie about an intruder in a house & the girl is home alone in the dark when u r a girl home alone in the dark
When a trailer for a scary movie comes on at night & you're sitting alone in the dark pic.twitter.com/PrtzuJlbh1
Walking home alone in the dark from the bar tonight I just realized I'm the first dude to get bit in a vampire movie.
Be isolated from others and sit alone in the dark and watched the movie "Book of Blood "and you will see with your own eyes the madness
Dear #Pandora if you keep playing scary movie ads while I'm listening to you all alone in the dark, your app's getting deleted.
I'm watching this dumb scary movie alone in the dark I think I just made the worst decision ever
@JusttGaryy NOOO. TRY BEING HOME ALONE IN THE DARK AFTER WATCHING A HORROR MOVIE AND ITS 3:00 am and you're just like... Fuck
I dont know why but susah nak ada perasaan takut bila tengok citer hantu..even when i'm alone in the dark and watch thailand horror movie
2am alone in the dark what a great time to watch a scary movie
I'm watching this movie alone, in the dark and in the middle of the night with headphones I want to cry
A horror movie came on tv and I didn't think anything of it until now that I'm alone in the dark lmao #help
I just watched Avatar alone in the dark in my room, but I'm so happy by the end that my lonely movie watching doesn't matter
Like why do scary movie previews only come on at night. When ur alone. In the dark
Wow horror movie trailers are my favorite thing to come on while lying alone in the dark amiright ladies
I hate when you're alone in the dark and you start to think about every single scary movie you've ever watched in your entire life.
Tara Reid: Alone in the Dark (Widescreen Edition): As another entry in the video-game-to-movie genre, Alone in the Da http://www.amazon.ca/dp/B000811686/?tag=i-ca-20 …
Watching a scary movie and the girls are walking the woods alone in the dark. Scared to death Me: picture that... http://fb.me/2mhlAxKLL 
scary movie commercials always come on when you're alone in the dark
an ad for a horror movie just came on when I was driving home alone in the dark. #HAILNO
Watching a scary movie alone, in the dark, bc nobody I asked could spend the night & I'm single af.
Home alone so I need to find a scary movie to watch alone in the dark. I'm in the mood to freak myself out
I'm voluntarily watching a horror movie alone in the dark I don't even know who I am anymore
Whenever im alone in the dark I always think of scary movie scenes and freak myself out
I've watched at least 1 movie everyday at night in my bed all alone in the dark on my phone since spring break started.. sometimes 2 a night
I still get scared when a scary movie preview comes on when I'm in my room alone in the dark
Go to his place and @JakeSwart11 is watching the scooby doo movie alone in the dark #casual
Watching the movie Perfume, alone in the dark with romantic lighting, gives me very mixed… https://instagram.com/p/00U0pXsjQn/ 
i was watching this scary ass movie all alone in the dark and during the most fked part my cousin walked into the house i almost shit myself
Carrie was not the movie to watch alone in the dark at 11pm
@em_duffyy I am scared I am very scared alone in the dark with this movie
Probably a bad idea to be watching a horror movie alone in the dark.
Can't wait for everyone to go to bed. I need to sit alone, in the dark, watching the trashiest slasher movie I can find
Pandora would play an ad for a scary movie while im sitting downstairs alone in the dark
@Onapinandneedle that's like watching a horror movie alone in the dark the night of a windstorm.
Photoset: HERE IS THE NEW “Alone In The Dark” Episode of the After Movie... http://tmblr.co/ZR-NSq1gdOZAY 
Regretting watching this scary movie alone in the dark #Help
hi my name is Brittany and sometimes I watch horror movie trailers alone in the dark and idk why hahaha guess I'm not sleeping oops
Just wanna watch the movie D.E.B.S alone, in the dark. I love this movie
F scary movie trailers that come on at night when you're alone in the dark
Why am I watching the worst twilight movie alone in the dark?
I'm watching a scary movie while I'm home alone in the dark. I'm dumb
if they don't get this scary movie sponsor off my mf TL while I'm alone in the dark
Me and Elizabeth are watching a scary movie alone in the darkuhh
I'm curled up on the couch alone in the dark watching the new night at the museum movie and I feel like my head is about to explode
having a movie marathon alone in the dark in my room with a beer
Nearly midnight, alone, in the dark, what do I decide to do? Find a spooky movie on Netflix to watch, of course! B) #poorlifechoices
When a pop up horror movie trailer comes up on TV and you're home alone in the dark :) (: pic.twitter.com/S0pNPjQNWJ
I was sitting downstairs alone in the dark on my couch and the TV just randomly turned on to some horror movie... currently hiding in bed
Watching scary movie alone in the dark and the phone rang. Person on other end breathed and hung up. I'm not scared or anything...
Watch midnight meat train. Alone. In the dark. I love this wicked movie.
I just watched a scary movie and I'm in my room alone in the dark but I'm too scared to move someone help me
Just found my dog sitting in the bathtub behind the shower curtain alone in the dark.. This is literally something out of a horror movie..
Nope. I'm over this. This horror movie stuff alone in the dark Is not for me rather I catch up on episodes of allegiance.
@JunkfoodCinema OMG Alone in the Dark... I LOVED that movie!! Haven't seen it in 4ever... But I'm taking care of that!!
Watching The Green Mile on my phone alone in the dark. I've never seen this movie before, now it brought me to tears. pic.twitter.com/zKqYf9Ucb4
Watching a scary movie alone in the dark showed that I'm just a scared little man
Okay, maybe watching a scary movie alone, in the dark isn't such a good idea
Uh uh not today ! I ain't watching no scary movie commercial alone in the dark *changes it real quick
I love Uwe Boll/so put Bloodrayne in the Blu-Ray player baby/I love Uwe Boll/Alone In The Dark is a great movie
Tonight's #Chiller movie is "Alone in the Dark". Starting at 8pm cntrl don't watch alone & join in the fun using #ScarySocial if you dare!
Watching a scary movie alone in the dark was a very bad idea
watching a horror movie all alone in the dark. o m g
for me yall I'm uh bout to watch this movie, -alone. -in. -the. -dark. -. pic.twitter.com/kIjGcEGNgl
I hate when you're sitting alone in the dark and a commercial for a really scary movie comes on
I'm watching a horror movie alone in the dark. Will I regret this in an hour when I'm off to bed? Yes.
I should not be watching a horror movie alone in the dark in my apartment. Holy water crucifix garlic louisville slugger
I can not watch this movie alone in the dark at night time what the hell am I doing someone come cuddle me up & protect me
When I went to Ronnie's earlier him & Celeste were alone in the dark in his room under the blankets w/the door closed "watching a movie"
Why did I watched this movie alone in the dark? Why because I thrill of it all. #AfterLife is a fantastic movie. Great job to the whole cast
Watched the movie Ouija alone in the dark. It gave me actual goosebumps. Slow start but in the end a good horror movie. #impressive
It's probably not a good idea to watch a scary movie alone in the dark
Watching a scary movie alone in the dark probably isn't the best idea but it's friday night so I decided to go a lil crazy #turnup
only i would watch a scary movie alone in the dark
timeless: slightly scuffed converse aviator sunglasses the movie E.T crying alone in the dark
Is it the best idea to watch a Korean horror movie alone in the dark? Probably not.
Can horror movie commercials please stop coming on while I'm sitting alone in the dark
It'd be really awesome if they didn't show terrifying movie previews on tv at 2:00am when I'm up alone in the dark
@krishanmunyal @jarpad @dpanabaker It's REALLY SCARY when you watch it alone in the dark! Jared is SO HOT in the movie!
Thinking about the live action Alone in the Dark movie and laughing so hard, my mac is jumping up and down on my stomach. Oh god.
Ever try to watch a scary movie alone in the dark when you're home alone? I have, and I do not recommend that to anyone.
Going to watch a scary movie alone in the dark about demons. I never watch scary movies, especially not alone.
Hi my names Tawny and i like to lay alone in the dark and watch the hannah montana movie #Loser #BestOfBothSadDepressingWorlds @tgravesss
Watching a possession movie alone in the dark was a bad idea. My paranoia has officially set in
Watching a horror movie alone, in the dark, while it thunders and lightenings outside... #worstideaever #scared #manup
why i am watching the third twilight movie alone in the dark
don't wanna watch 50 shades in a full movie theater i wanna watch it alone in the dark in my room give me that illegal download link already
When you're alone in the dark and your brain just remember EVERY HORROR MOVIE you saw
Sydney fell asleep and now I'm watching the most terrifying movie alone in the dark:-)
Happy Valentine's Day... Just sobbed alone in the dark watching a Netflix movie.
Best way to end Valentine's Day? A horror movie. Alone. In the dark...
driving home alone in the dark after watching a scary movie is not very ideal
Having a movie marathon alone in the dark in my room with a vodka Red Bull
Bruv... Michael Myers theme song.... Ffs. Why am I watching this movie alone & in the dark?
My scary movie night involves watching Food, Inc. alone in the dark. #vegetarianproblems
The only way i will watch 50 shades of D is alone in the dark hiding under my blanket when there are no other movie left on Earth
When you're alone in the dark, what horror movie images do you think of that give you the creeps? For us, it's... http://fb.me/7txTmvoWV 
Watching a scary movie alone in the dark. Someone hold me
@adammaid Coherence was NOT an appropriate "alone in the dark" movie. So I'm gonna say YOU'RE responsible for wetting my bed last night.
"describe your sex life with a movie title" "alone in the dark"
IM WATCHING A SCARY MOVIE ALONE IN THE DARK HELP
Totally going to scare myself & watch a scary movie alone in the dark.
I sit alone in the dark and write about it: MT @enRoutemag: 5 classic #LosAngeles movie houses http://bit.ly/1x8Xl46  pic.twitter.com/ZOgXcTRBqV
@MegaMVDK true. Nowhere near as bad as the Alone In The Dark movie, however. Still doesn't mean it wasn't utter piss.
I went to L.A. and sat ALONE IN THE DARK ... at five old-school movie houses for @enRoutemag http://enroute.aircanada.com/en/articles/classic-los-angeles-cinemas … pic.twitter.com/ON4ToK7xUR
walking alone in the dark = best time to remember scary movie scenes.....
Need for Speed(2013) is the best movie ever made from a video game.All others are trash,especially Alone in the Dark.
Alone in the dark: When your movie's soundtrack is way better than the movie it self, then you have a problem my friend,,,
1st movie I haven't been able to watch alone in the dark in a long time. Walking around like the grudge gets me everytime. #Devilspass
Why did I choose to watch a horror movie alone in the dark help me please #thetakingofdeborahlogan
Alone in the dark watching this movie before bed.. Not one of my best choices
I AM WATCHING A HORROR MOVIE ALONE IN THE DARK WHY DO I DO THIS TO MYSELF
Well the power went out and Stefs napping so now im sitting alone in the dark. This feels like the start to a horror movie
Anónimo disse: My best guy friend came over and we were watching a movie alone in the dark in my room by... http://tmblr.co/ZzCIRw1c3FT7B 
watching this creepy movie about stalkers... alone... in the dark...SOS need a guy to keep me company
Alone in the Dark and Hide & Seek hit theaters 10 years ago: http://brokehorrorfan.com/post/109429942623/january-28-john-polsons-hide-and-seek-starring … Slim pickings for movie goers! pic.twitter.com/b70hMkSw4t
Alone in the dark I watch a scary movie. Shadows are moving. #creepy #scarystories #scary #scarysocial #haiku #scaryhaiku
Alone in the Dark, the movie, was released in this day |http://www.phronzs.com/?simple=13206&amp;ocorr=Alone+in+the+Dark …
“"I think Alone in the Dark was too much an action creature movie than a horror creature movie."” - Uwe Boll
Gone girl is my fav movie so I bought it and am watching it alone in the dark
Came home from a horrible movie, to see that we're still without electricity. Home alone in the dark now http://instagram.com/p/yTRd4xyLUN/ 
Is it pathetic that I just can't today with anyone or anything? That im sitting here alone in the dark watching movie after movie. #Loner
You're telling me about the scary movie you're watching while I'm in my room alone in the dark @krispy_klean650 just stop
In other bad choices news I'm watching a horror movie alone in the dark but it's fine because I didn't want to sleep again this year anyway.
Watching a movie alone in the dark and a noise behind me made me break out in a cold sweat and almost bolt from the house. Cat snoring.
Driving home alone in the dark after you've watched a scary movie is the worst
Guys.....I'm crying alone in the dark.....I am NOT alright.... :(((((( the movie was too much.....
probably not the smartest idea to watch a horror movie at 11:30 alone in the dark
Is it just me that after watching Horror movie alone in the dark hides under the cover and just peaked out now and again to see if I'm bding
should i be watching this scary movie alone in the dark? probably not
New review of Alone in the Dark coming real soon. What does twitter land think of this awful movie? pic.twitter.com/Gaaujx92p6
“@_Shanti98: I could watch the scariest movie alone in the dark & not get scared lol” saame I love scary movies tho that's why
@TheIndianBitch @whymykidcried imagine fat baby rucha sitting alone in the dark watching Chuckie by herself thinking it was some doll movie
Darkness Falls has made me permanently scared to be alone in the dark.. ever since I was a kid that movie fucked with my head.
Is the Unfriended movie supposed to be scary?.. I started to watch the trailer but I'm alone in the dark so I stopped just in case..
Only I would be dumb enough to watch the movie Sinister... Alone... In the dark... without a person to text me to help me through it
driving home alone in the dark at 11:00 after watching a scary movie <<<<<
Just drove home alone in the dark after watching a scary movie this is not okay I am not okay
When you driving home all alone in the dark after watching some creepy movie & you see a sketchy man walking on the side of the road #help
when you're watching a scary movie with Maddie in your basement and she leaves you alone in the dark
*goes to turn off television and lights* *is encountered with horror movie about someone being alone in the dark* nice!
watching a scary movie alone in the dark, isn't my thing.
Only I would watch a horror movie, home alone, in the dark, by myself. #gopaige #notsleepingtonight
watched the unfriended movie trailer alone in the dark very bad idea im dead gbye
Yep not watching a scary movie trailer alone in the dark. That shit don't fly with me!
Has anyone seen the Alone in the Dark movie? Is it truly one of the worst movies of all time? Because the game was cool so.
The movie unfriended is NOT A DOCUMENTARY HOLY HELL THEY SHOULD TELL YOU THAT BEFORE YOU PLAY THE TRAILER ALONE IN THE DARK
I THOUGHT UNFRIENDED WAS GONNA BE A FAMILY MOVIE WITH A LESSON FOR KIDS & I WATCHED THE TRAILER ALONE IN THE DARK AND AM NOW TRAUMATIZED
im down stairs. alone. in the dark. watching a scary movie. & im scared lol
When your laying in bed alone...in the dark and watch a scary movie preview where bae?!
Watching a scary movie preview when you're alone in the dark and not expecting it can be traumatizing
Idk I'm just the kinda person who watches a scary movie alone in the dark at this time of night because I can
Tonight I was at the movies Alone… In the dark… With all the couples.. But hey the movie was good. And the popcorn..
Shoutout to @kforga2494 for making watch a scary movie then walk to my apartment alone in the dark. #PARANOID
watching a horror movie.. alone.. in the dark.. everything really quiet.. and everyone asleep... okaaaaay pic.twitter.com/3RH7BYNu5X
I'm such a nerd I downloaded every Harry Potter movie and plan on spending my Saturday alone in the dark with Harry
Watching this movie alone in the dark, I nearly screamed loud as hell
Why am I watching a scary movie. Alone. In the dark. In my scary ass haunted house.
I'm sitting at home alone, in the dark, watching a movie on the laptop...where is everyone
The movie VHS on Netflix is a must see while you're home alone in the dark
When your friends and you decide to watch a scary movie and you realize your alone in the dark
Cool, so this leather chair is randomly creaking as I watch this horror movie... alone... in the dark...
I'm watching a scary movie alone in the dark in my room and my door slowly creeps open and out pops... Sophia.. Tht little butthead
Word of advice: never watch a scary movie when your alone in the dark
Why would I watch a scary movie all alone in the dark
Watching a movie. Alone. In the dark. House is quiet. I can't remember the last time this happened. #solace
Hmm, what is another scary movie that I can watch alone in the dark that will scare the shit out of me at 4AM?...
To watch a super scary movie alone in the dark at 1 AM or not to have nightmares for the next week
So much feels for this concert movie!!!! Watching it alone in the dark makes you feel you are inside… http://instagram.com/p/xUUIXGpfA3/ 
New experience, we're alone in the dark of an empty cinema room right before NY's party watching a family movie :) pic.twitter.com/1SPo1pCA8c
I HATE WHEN I'M WATCHING A SCARY MOVIE WITH SOMEONE AND THEY FALL ASLEEP AND LEAVE ME TO DIE ALONE IN THE DARK.
What was I thinking watching a scary movie alone in the dark at 1 am
Watching a scary movie alone in the dark at 12:45am is a little freaky
As Above So Below is a good movie but whatever you do don't watch it alone in the dark at 1 in then morning
Josh thought it would be a good idea to watch a scary movie all alone in the dark......josh thought wrong
When jaimee and Allyson make you watch a scary movie then fall asleep and leave you all alone in the dark
Call me a wuss but I can't mess with scary movie previews when I'm home alone in the dark ahah
"I think Alone in the Dark was too much an action creature movie than a horror creature movie." ~Uwe Boll pic.twitter.com/4h33xV1Xqx
Holy crap ! i regret my decision watching this movie alone in the dark pic.twitter.com/mzpZMqrfNX
I feel like I'm in a movie right now sitting at the table alone in the dark listening to some depressing ass music. Lol.
Watching a scary movie home alone in the dark
Just ate pie straight out of the pan, alone in the dark, on Xmas night while wearing a fedora. I'm like the first act of a Meg Ryan movie.
I never thought of The Maze Runner as a scary movie until now since I'm watching it alone, in the dark, & at night..
watching this horror movie alone in the dark was such a bad idea, I'm gonna cry
Watching a horror movie alone in the dark is like the best. It's like a free 3D with your own imagination
I'm watching The Babadook movie alone in the dark on Christmas Eve chabesch chabesch
*watches Christmasy movie alone in the dark*
just watched the scariest movie ever & it looks like im never going to sleep alone in the dark again (((-:
Why do scary movie commercials always come on when I'm watching TV alone in the dark basement?!
I'm really crying on my couch alone in the dark right now because of this movie.
Why did I decide to watch a scary movie alone in the dark?
IM IN MY ROOM ALONE IN THE DARK AND SOME SCARY MOVIE TRAILERS STARTS PLAYING
I'll watch a horror movie alone in the dark. I don't give no fuck. As a matter of fact I'm doing it now.
Just watching the saddest movie alone in the dark
I hate opening the studio and being in here alone in the dark. I feel like I'm in a horror movie lol
I can't watch a Paranormal Activity movie but I can watch Criminal Minds alone in the dark at 2am with my door unlocked
Yep :D RT @ms_keitumetse: Alone? :-(" @Tunechiress: Watching a horror movie alone in the dark>"
I don't know how I'm going to be able to watch the strangling scene alone in the dark when I get the movie on DVD I will be terrified.
Whenever I drive alone in the dark late at night, I feel like I'm in the purge movie
R. Moore Orlando Sentinel Alone in the Dark shows just how tenuous Plan Nine From Outer Space's hold on worst movie title really is.
driving home alone in the dark after watching a scary movie is the FREAKIEST THING
woke up home alone in the dark to this creepy movie playing, so there's that.
Watching a scary movie alone in the dark happy saturday
eating a burger alone in the dark feelin like I'm in a David Lynch movie
getting all cozy in bed so I can watch this scary movie alone in the dark :-)
“Felt like a nightmare, like from a horror movie... my girls were home alone in the dark with robbers.” story @ 9 pic.twitter.com/zACSFZeHKg
"I think Alone in the Dark was too much an action creature movie than a horror creature movie." ~Uwe Boll pic.twitter.com/V7kYE0RBi4
im watching a horror movie all alone in the dark someone come cuddle with me
So this movie was not great to watch alone in the dark. pic.twitter.com/fKEXUKv6AX
Alone in the dark and the microwave starts beeping. This is like a movie that's not gonna end so well for Kelly
Watching a scary movie at night alone in the dark is never i good idea for me SOMEonr hold me
When you're watching a scary movie.. alone... in the dark.. and something starts beating the side wall of your house
just watched a horror movie alone in the dark no it's fine, I didn't need sleep tonight :) :)
*Watching scary movie alone in the dark with creepy music* "intense moment" KNOCK KNOCK KNOCK! Pizza guy just made me about pee my pants.
watching a scary movie alone in the dark..
Just finished watching scary movie "Cape Fear" and can't sleep. I need Piero to calm my fears. Never watch that movie alone in the dark!!
Watching a scary movie in @CateOwls room, with no pants on... All alone.. In the dark.
Rainy and windy not a great night, alone in the dark waiting for a fright, scary movie is what I should see, but what to watch on my tv?
When scary movie trailers come on TV and I'm all alone in the dark. Fuck youuuuuu.
debating whether or not it's a good idea to watch a scary movie alone in the dark...
lm gonna watch a horror movie in my room, alone, in the dark with some snacks. Nash should join me @Nashgrier
@IvyDoomkitty get it! And play it alone, in the dark. It's totally worth it! It's much scarier than any horror movie
sleeping alone in the dark on the living room couch at my grandmothers house. feel like I'm in a horror movie
I am sitting on my coach alone in the dark watching a movie and drinking hot chocolate... I'm convinced I'm an old woman
do u ever fearlessly watch a movie and then realize that u have to go upstairs to sleep. alone. in the dark.
driving alone in the dark after just watching a scary movie....
@NMinor9 same. Currently watching a movie alone in the dark.. Whatever
Fuck!!!! Usher has closed the door. Am alone in the dark at a horror movie
I would definitely be that girl in the horror movie that goes to check out the scary noise alone in the dark.
Nothing's sketchier than having to drive home alone in the dark after watching a scary movie
I'm mad i promo my sis I was going to watch a scary movie tonight alone in the dark
@moonrisesister @HorrorHoneys the movie reminds me of the game in that people have guns in both. The only thing worse.... Alone in the Dark
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/YFzfFe1ipdg?a  Horror Movies 2014 Full Movie English - Alone In The Dark 2 Full Movies HD
Lyrics to "Hunger Inside" Another little movie: 2:00 AM alone in the dark. No one to fool, not even yourself pic.twitter.com/HmFhGiC2JO
Hell nah I ain't ever watching a horror movie home alone in the dark again turns out I'm still a huge pussy
I hate when I'm sitting alone in the dark & a scary movie preview comes on
Singing the Titanic theme alone in the dark while crying at the movie might be a new low in my life #helpme
When u finish an exorcist movie and then have to be home alone in the dark no thanks
I would be the dumb ass watching a scary movie alone in the dark with only a bag of Cheetos
@RMmercy so wat u wanna do??? I'm watching a horror movie...alone....in the dark.....and I'm watching through my palm
I feel like I'm in a horror movie when I'm walking home alone in the dark
@Rikku_Ishida @RusheelV Saw Alone in the Dark. First time I got so angry at a movie
When I'm walking alone in the dark I act like its a scary movie I look at all my surroundings
Watching a scary movie all alone in the dark and my kitten comes flying out of no where onto my ass.. It's safe to say I had a heart attack
Someone tell me why I decided to watch a scary movie? Alone? In the dark?? You're right. I'm dumb.
Am I really going to watch a scary movie alone in the dark rn? Yea I probably am
ima just rent a movie or two and kick back and watch them all alone in the dark without a blanket in the cold with no one no one at all.....
Gonna man up and watch The exorcist . All alone. In the dark . By myself. One movie. Earphones. Two rag dolls.
Sending an email to more than 20 people is scarier than watching a horror movie alone in the dark lol
Heard slow jams&singing, thought it was ppl watching a romance movie. Wasnt expecting to open the door&c tiff alone in the dark w her laptop
Sitting in a movie theater alone in the dark in the middle of the afternoon is so comforting. Going to see John Wick in a bit.
watching the one direction movie and eating oatmeal raisin cookie dough alone in the dark. would that be a high or a low?
@CUTEAFWILK yes and I'm like quoting the movie all alone in the dark
@Anthonyprimo81 apparently it's also completely normal for a boy OR a girl to be alone IN THE DARK "watching a movie" with pot. Who knew.
Came home from work to my dad watching the 2nd hunger games movie alone in the dark:..
walking down a silent street alone in the dark listening to this feels awesome and movie-like: pic.twitter.com/2eoP1inU0Q
Probably shouldn't have watched a scary movie. Alone. In the dark. Before bedtime.
@vicknesh15 HAHAHAHAHHAHAHHAA OMG PUSSYYYYY HAHAHH . Ehh how am i a pussy ? I watched the movie alone in the dark okay
Get home from a scary movie and my entire family is asleep and I'm alone in the dark. Fantastic.
Driving home alone in the dark after watching a scary movie is the worst thing ever
WHY do scary movie trailers always give on when I'm home alone in the dark
Life's great! sitting here home all day bored! ..and now all alone in the dark livingroom with a freaky zombie movie on.
@Killpandakill then watching a movie w @birdiebar and the power went out. Just sitting there alone in the dark then my phone died lol
The thrills of watching a new scary movie alone in the dark
Scary movies aren't very scary until after the movie when you're alone in the dark...
Movie night all alone in the dark with my candy & pizza just kidding! Until mama leaves Happy Halloween pic.twitter.com/W5puw86BZr
Home alone in the dark watching a scary movie on Halloween night when all of a sudden the door bell rings
I probably shouldn't have watched this movie alone in the dark but it's water under the bridge now
Debating whether watch a scary movie, alone in the dark, is a terrible idea or not..
Scary movie logic: i think the killer is in my house so i better go out there and explore it alone in the dark to be sure
im probably the only person ik so far who will watch a scary movie completely alone in the dark
Watching a scary movie while I'm home alone in the dark not my brightest idea!
No horror movie, just my wait for the train ... Alone ... In the dark http://instagram.com/p/uwicLGBM4t/ 
@fucxk_ ehh you go watch the full movie alone in the dark first then you can laugh at me :(
Worst part about seeing a scary movie is having to drive home.. alone.. in the dark.. at 1 am..
It's the worst having to drive home alone in the dark when you JUST watched a horror movie
Comic fans everywhere celebrate Captain Marvel movie while @stevewmorris cries alone in the dark "But... what about PIXIE?!"
#31DaysofHorror A bad video game movie? No way! Alone in the Dark on #BasementRejects http://basementrejects.com/review/alone-in-the-dark-2005/ … pic.twitter.com/nPQeh2im8v
s/o to my dad for putting on a scary movie & just leaving me alone in the dark ... are you trying to give me a heart attack
I just rly wanna watch a quality horror movie. I want to be genuinely petrified. I want to be scared to be alone in the dark
About to watch a scary movie...alone...in the dark...alone.. Oh god I'm already regretting this
Boys aren't allowed to break up with me once we've watched a scary movie together. You ain't about to make me sleep alone in the dark.
Going downstairs alone in the dark if probably the scariest thing after watching a scary movie
oh don't mind me I'm just watching scary movie alone in the dark
Watching a scary movie alone in the dark...
I thought having the Saw movie ringtone was "festive" but quickly changed my mind when it began playing. All alone. In the dark. At 3 am.
So Al turned on a movie called Donnie Darko that was freaky af and then FELL ASLEEP AND LEFT ME ALONE IN THE DARK TO FEND FOR MYSELF
currently watching a scary movie while I'm home alone in the dark
im all alone in the dark 1. watch more mr.bean 2. find a horror movie (suggest me something SCARY) 3. go to bed
What's the next best thing to watching a horror movie with your special someone? Watching it alone, in the dark, in HD, and sound surround.
THE NEW INSIDIOUS MOVIE TRAILER IS OUT AND IM ALREADY AFRIAD. Why did I watch that all alone in the dark????
Scary movie previews when your watching tv all alone in the dark <<<<<
Just once when I watch a #Horror #movie & a person is alone in the dark and says "Who's there?" I would like to see someone answer them.
Hi I'm Natalia and I've never seen a scary movie or anything but I will willingly watch ahs freak show alone in the dark
Am I the only one that mutes the tv when I'm alone in the dark and a scary movie commercial comes on?
" @bellaritorto: frick I'm watching silence of the lambs alone in the dark" great movie!
@RichStanton Idly reminded of the Alone in the Dark movie. "Why do you want to be immortal?" "TO LIVE FOREVER!"
Can't stop shaking out of nervousness because of this movie :( why did I even decide to watch alone.... in the dark... kfalfakdfjakldkfaljdf
Really sound discussing horror movie plots and zombie apocalypses before my walk home alone in the dark at 11.30pm:))))))
I keep it on the Disney Channel at night bc like hell am I gonna watch them scary movie trailers alone in the dark
It's time to watch a horror movie alone in the dark. Going for elevator scares with #FREEFALL, starring Sarah... http://fb.me/6S2TrLdPi 
@brianmortz1 funniest movie or alone in the dark?
The Best of Me is the typa movie to have me up in my room alone, in the dark, no can sleep
Walking alone in the dark from the garage to the dorm and thinking about the movie 'You're Next'
Not sure why Ally left me in her basement alone in the dark while we're watching a scary movie
scary movie marathon alone in the dark so if i never tweet again y'all know why
Star Wars Rebels: Fighter Flight: Hera and Sabine Alone in the Dark:  Star Wars Rebels: ... http://movie.cinemalinks.tk/756  #movie #cinema
Scariest thing in the world is when it's 2 in the morning and you're all alone in the dark and a scary movie commercial comes on
I'm watching the movie Carrie alone in the dark is this a mistake
I hate watching scary movie trailers that come on TV when I'm alone in the dark .-.
idk if i should watch the unrated halloween movie bc i am in my room alone in the dark like i am such an open target for murderers
Watching the original Alien movie all alone in the dark... Where's my cuddle buddy? @gooseslooses
When you watch a horror movie trailer alone in the dark - dean-luvs-pie: http://tmblr.co/Z9Abvu1TITb1S 
THE OUJIA MOVIE COMMERCIAL JUST CAME ON AND IM ALONE IN THE DARK IN MY DORM IM CRYING
Oh I have an idea, im gonna try to watch a scary movie on tv all alone in the dark. ~7 min later~ Welp that was a... pic.twitter.com/MGWXONdEVN
Sitting alone in the dark watching a movie with peanut butter In my hand. O'Joe doesn't think that's normal
Making worse decisions than the girl in the horror movie who decided to go down to the basement alone in the dark & oh her house is haunted
Was trying to listen to a song on YouTube this morning while walking alone in the dark and a scary movie commercial came on
I remember when I saw Candyman the movie for the first time I didn't look into a mirror for 2 weeks & walk alone in the dark for 2 months
" @NeetaBains: I hate ending class at 8:15 and having to walk back to my dorm alone in the dark like it's so sketch." scary movie setting
Alone in the dark movie Lyca At SM Masinag
I'm watching a scary movie alone, in the dark. Which, is very smart of me.
Locking my doors tonight lol and I was gonna hanker down & watch a scary movie alone in the dark after LuLu is in bed
omg watching a scary movie all alone in the dark is a bad idea
Scary movie. Alone. In the dark. Great
Am I really watching a romantic movie alone in the dark with chicken wings? Yes, yes I am. And it's great.
When you watch a horror movie trailer alone in the dark pic.twitter.com/NMa0VbbHuh
I hate pandora and it's scary ass movie previews like why rn, I'm in bed alone in the dark. Now I'm scared
Walking home alone in the dark after watching a David Fincher movie. Gahhh (and I'm tweetin', of course!)
My favorite kind of movie is horror but for real I'm done with these Annabelle previews I'm alone in the dark get that outta here.
I hate walking alone in the dark because of that stupid Annabelle movie
When I'm watching a movie alone in the dark and my brother comes into the room wearing Michael Myers mask. INSTANT HEART ATTACK
Which is scarier...Horror movie alone in the dark during a thunderstorm, or alone in the clown section of a... http://fb.me/27cs7CDpi 
i'm walking alone in the dark with a song from a horror movie stuck in my head frickin' gr8
When your watching tv alone in the dark and a scary movie preview comes on<<
all yall fuckers watch AHS like its a fad but can't sit through a horror movie alone in the dark get on my leeeeeevel #weak
She cant take even handle being alone in the dark or to watch a scary movie.
Shout out to Pandora for playing a horror movie commercial while I'm alone in the dark room.
Remember this? You leave me alone in the dark rooms with ghost movie, then I'm crying.. ;^; and you persuade me.. pic.twitter.com/uvH5sVXgS1
Watching At The Devil's Door, alone in the dark #movie #atthedevilsdoor http://instagram.com/p/t4D8XVoRuS/ 
Cleaning movie theaters alone in the dark is so scary
When you watch a horror movie trailer alone in the dark - dean-luvs-pie: http://tmblr.co/ZgpMnq1Saq_TK 
After seeing the movie Annabelle, I don't like to be alone in the dark...
If scary movie commercials could not come on when I'm sitting at home alone in the dark that'd be great
im watching a scary movie alone in the dark someone hold me
I really hate when I'm watching TV alone in the dark an a scary movie commercial comes on!
I hate being alone in the dark watching t.v and a scary movie trailer comes on like catching me off guard and shiz.
Scary movie alone in the dark cause I'm stupid
Hate this time of year when all the horror movie trailers are being advertised when I'm in bed, alone, in the dark
They only play horror movie trailers on TV when I'm alone in the dark and the sound is turned all the way up
Can u guys stop scaring Liam imagine if you were in his place all alone in the dark after watching a scary movie
I still wanna see the movie, just not while I'm chillin alone in the dark. They got me fucked up right now
hey YouTube could you not play horror movie trailers while I'm home alone in the dark thanks
Always fun driving home alone in the dark after a terrifying movie
When a trailer for a horror movie pops up when I'm watching TV alone in the dark pic.twitter.com/nA0bZ0bvhM
currently watching a suspenseful movie alone in the dark feel free to join me
FUCKING OUIJA MOVIE TRAILER IS ON AND I AM ALL ALONE IN THE DARK
I hate being alone in the dark and a trailer for a scary ass movie comes on
" @MikeyTigerLicks: @JCBlackStallion ...or you could sit alone in the dark and watch a horror movie. Lol pic.twitter.com/EubOBtEXCG" @aicforever
There is nothing I hate more than being alone in the dark and seeing scary movie commercials come on
I hate seeing those scary movie commercials when I'm home alone in the dark
Tonight's bad movie is Uwe Boll's House of the Dead. After Alone in the Dark I've been dreading this one #100badmovies
Hey TV, if you could stop playing your scary ass movie commercials while I'm alone in the dark, that would be great. Thanks
Krysta's brilliant plan: let's watch a scary movie and then leave jaymie alone in the dark
Just watched a movie about serial killers in my night class and now I get to walk home alone in the dark.
Iv been told the alone in the dark movie is one of the worst films ever made, time to see if thats true
Why are all these scary movie commercials coming on while im sitting home alone in the dark?!
Watching scary movies alone in the dark! If you can guess the movie you're amazing! #brave #scary… http://instagram.com/p/teSBLIqItV/ 
“ @allijohnston: @karlyyruth please tell me you're sitting at my apt alone in the dark http://twitter.com/allijohnston/status/516055302329073664/photo/1pic.twitter.com/zHlShUJU67 ” on couch watching a movie
Watching a horror movie, alone, in the dark. I'm like, the bravest person ever. Is there an award for that, and more importantly, a tiara?
why am I home alone in the dark watching a movie about a guy who kidnaps teenage girls
WAS going to watch a scary movie before bed, alone, in the dark. But we have company coming over and if they make a sound, I will lose it.
Horror movie adverts whilst I'm home alone in the dark in my room is not good, I'm shitting bricks
The Exorcist is on IFC. I can watch this movie alone in the dark and it either doesn't bother me or I sleep with The Cartoon Network on.
I'm in my room alone.. In the dark... Watching a horror movie... Great! I'm scared
Watching a scary movie alone in the dark is never a good idea so scared
Watching Alone in the Dark (with @bmptr_ at Reni Jaya Selatan Blok G 19 No 4 (My Movie Room)) — https://path.com/p/2ApSH3 
thERE IS LIKE 11 PEOPLE IN MY DORM WATCHING THIS MOVIE AND IM THE WEENIE WHOS IN BED ALONE IN THE DARK YEAH LIVIN UP THE COLLEGE LIFE
why does all the scary movie trailers have to come on when I'm alone....in the dark
I hate when I'm watching tv alone in the dark and a commercial for a scary movie comes on
Matt and I watched a movie about the whole world falling apart because vampires took over and now I'm scared to be alone in the dark
Can Bella not FaceTime me crying over a horror movie she's watching alone in the dark
When I was a kid a theater ticket girl turned a blind eye to us sneaking in a movie. It was 'Alone in the Dark'... so we got our punishment.
4D #movie #theatre hits the US. What will you do, see, feel when the lights dim & you're alone in the dark? http://ht.ly/BGxlG 
I guess it's time to sit alone in the dark and let a fictional movie ruin me
I hate when scary movie previews come on when you're alone in the dark
hell nah. Watching tv alone in the dark, best believe ima change the channel if a scary movie trailer comes on.
I HATE SEEING SCARY MOVIE COMMERCIALS WHEN IM ALONE IN THE DARK
Jk me and bri and jennie were just watching a scary movie and I'm terrified alone in the dark and I think the devils in my room
Scary movie commercials should only be allowed to play during the day time hours not when I'm in bed alone in the dark nope
everything I've watched this weekend was either a serial killer or horror movie and now I'm home alone in the dark :-)
I guess leaving me alone in the dark is cool...... Like we didn't just watch a scary movie or anything
Hey here's a good idea: rent a scary movie then watch it alone in the dark...
Just watched #InsidiousChapter2. More terrifying #paranormal movie than the 1st. Don't watch it alone in the dark :-) pic.twitter.com/zpriS3aR3H
Hmm, deciding whether or not to watch a scary movie in my room all alone in the dark, I'm not sure if I'm that brave
I love watching scary movies, but I can not watch a trailer to a scary movie alone in the dark.
I'm laughing alone in the dark this movie is so funny
Just watched a scary movie and Mickky thinks I'm gonna walk over to Jeremy's all alone in the dark? Fackk no
Me watching a horror movie: Bruh you dead Yeah now's a great time to have sex Let's wander the woods alone in the dark Everyone's stupid
I hate when scary movie previews come on at this time while I'm laying all alone in the dark and shit
ok i'm having a horror movie marathon alone in the dark bc i'm a dumbass
I'm about to go get the new Captain America movie and watch it alone in the dark.
When you're alone in the dark and the trailer for the Annabelle movie comes out<<
Watch Alone in the Dark 2005 movie online http://dlvr.it/6sq01N 
" @BlackHippyMJ: Why am I watching a horror movie alone? In the dark?! :/" Prolly got that Abel feel for you
Best Horror Movies 2014 Full Movie - Alone In The Dark 2 - New Horror Movies 2014.mp4: http://youtu.be/-lbwwSpXd4o?a  via @YouTube
NFW Movie Commentary Podcast: Alone In The Dark (1982) #horror http://nblo.gs/ZPwwg 
Hate how I'm alone in the dark and these damn scary movie commercials show.
I always put on a movie just so I can be on my phone .... I'm better off alone in the dark with my phone in my hand lol
Dear MTV, I don't appreciate horror movie previews while I'm alone in the dark. Sincerely, Terrified girl alone in the dark
I hate when a trailer to a scary movie comes on when I'm alone in the dark because I get all paranoid! lmaoo
can we stop with all the horror movie previews i am sitting alone in the dark
All these scary movie commercials playing when I'm alone in the dark
WHY DO THEY PLAY SCARY MOVIE COMMERCIALS LATE AT NIGHT WHEN IM ALONE IN THE DARK
maybe I shouldn't be watching a scary movie alone in the dark. If only I had friends.
My movie ended 30 minutes ago and I've been sitting alone in the dark since then
Sitting alone in the dark with a bowl of Rice Krispies enjoying an awesome classic fall movie to kick… http://instagram.com/p/soTEZszEjD/ 
Idk if watching a scary movie alone in the dark is a good idea
@frickcarrie I hated that movie because I had to walk home alone in the dark after watching it
Why am i watching a scary movie alone in the dark while theres a storm out
ima watch a scary movie .. alone .. in the dark .. and my rooms the closest one to the street .. pray for me
Wait there's an Alone in the Dark movie? Excitedly check IMDB to see it's rated 2/10 stars and is directed by Uwe Boll. What a waste.
So we just got done watching a scary movie, & bae goes to take a shower & leaves me alone in the dark. So I'm laying down scrolling through
I love that Ham & Chris left me alone in the dark to watch this movie by myself. What a nice boyfriend & best friend
I just love How to Train your Dragon so much I just I don't know anymore AND THERE AM I SOBBING ALONE IN THE DARK OVER AN ANIMATION MOVIE
Christian Slater spent most of that "Alone in the Dark" movie with other people in the light.
Not feelin that great....gonna lay here...alone...in the dark and watch a movie I guess... — watching God's Not Dead
Lets watch a creepy movie, alone, in the dark...hold me.
NFW Movie Commentary #Podcast: Alone In The Dark (1982) http://goo.gl/fb/692RzK  #featured #nfwmoviecommentarypodcast
NFW Movie Commentary Podcast: Alone In The Dark (1982) http://nblo.gs/ZAza4 
love times like this, alone in the dark in my living room watching a top movie pic.twitter.com/HfI5Tj4wXg
Kels & I are watching a scary movie while we're home alone in the dark #prayforus2k14
Trace made watch a scary movie and now I have a 20 minute drive home Alone In the dark #terrified
After watching Scary Movie 5, I can't take Alone in the Dark seriously, it looks like a parody trying to be serious. XD
Paige's bunny is mad at her for leaving him alone in the dark so she putting a movie on for him lololol
Reading conspiracy theories while watching a scary movie alone in the dark. I love it.
I'm home alone in the dark and rain, that's like the beginning of every scary movie man
Watching a scary movie then driving home alone in the dark was not the bissss
Alone In The Dark RT " @Jay_KenMinaj: If you could use a movie to describe your sex life, what would it be ?"
I should turn on another movie or something because I'm kinda just laying in my living room alone in the dark while snapchatting... #awkward
I'm watching a horror movie..all alone..in the dark
watching a scary movie alone in the dark.. I know I shouldn't but I'm too lazy to change it
Someone come over and watch this scary movie with me so I don't have to watch it alone in the dark #dumbidea
I hate when a preview to a scary movie comes on and I'm alone in the dark lol I get so scared
My moms making me watch this creepy ass movie then drive home ALONE in the DARK in the middle of NOWHERE!
Sat alone in the dark watching the Simpsons movie and quoting it word for word, this is what my life has amounted to
Fuck I hate when scary movie previews come on when I'm watching tv alone in the dark
“ @alvinvee_: I be shittin bricks when a trailer of a horror movie come up when I'm alone in the dark”rft
it's probably not a good idea to watch a horror movie alone in the dark but guess what I'm doing
Watching horror movie trailers alone in the dark is a bad idea
I absolutely HATE being alone & in the dark when a scary movie commercial comes on
Watching the Evil Dead movie for the first time...alone...in the dark...did I mention I'm great with horror movies..?
IT'S ALMOST 11 AT NIGHT AND IM ALONE IN THE DARK!! AND YOU WANNA SHOW A TRAILER TO A SCARY MOVIE WHAT IS WRONG WITH YOU?!?
Seriously? That Annabelle movie commercial had to come on when I'm all alone in the dark << #freakedout
WHY PLAY THE SCARY MOVIE COMMERCIAL IM ALONE IN THE DARK TF
h8 watching mtv @ night bc scary movie commercials show & im alone in the dark
Why the fuck is this scary movie previewing on TV while I'm alone in the dark??
Why they gotta show scary movie previews when I'm sitting alone in the dark
Please don't advertise the Annabelle movie while I'm laying alone in the dark
Seriously phone abt to die and im all alone in the dark and u put on a scary movie comercial.
I can not stand when scary movie trailers come on at night.. when I'm alone in the dark
After I finish this episode, I'm going to watch a movie. Alone. In the dark. And maybe I can manage to do laundry.
I'll just watch the lego movie alone in the dark then
Damn, this is the craziest movie trailer I've ever seen…scared the crap out of me. Watch it alone, in the dark http://tinyurl.com/nea3y8f 
Sitting downstairs alone in the dark watching a scary movie...and eating toast and marmite
All of these scary movie trailers keep playing and I'm alone in the dark not in my own house...please help
Being home alone in the dark & a scary movie trailer plays<<
watching a movie alone in the dark on a Friday night just explains my life perfectly
Watching a horror movie alone in the dark at 5am while listening to a whitechapel makes it so much more intense
Went a bit sleep-deprived crazy. Home alone in the dark I was convinced I was in a horror movie.
why am I watching hostel alone in the dark again? oh wait cause I always listen to people's movie suggestions
No barrels better go at work tonight because I don't fancy going down the cobweb infested, horror movie-esque cellar alone in the dark
Fuck watching a scary movie alone in the dark!
Thank you horror movie commercial for coming on when I'm alone in the dark
Watching #Oculus alone in the dark! OMP! This movie is heavy. #Horror http://instagram.com/p/r75FaGgJr6/ 
Well, I guess we'll just see how much of a bad idea it is to watch a scary movie alone in the dark
Reason #1 why living alone isnt as cool as you think: having to deal with horror movie adverts when home alone in the dark #BigScardeyCat
Watching a scary movie alone in the dark doesn't seem like a good idea anymore
I hate scary movie commercials when everyone's in bed and I'm up alone in the dark watching tv. I start making out figures in the dark
I hate when a scary movie preview comes on & I'm sitting alone in the dark... Where's my daughter she's my little pillow
Hate when scary movie commercials come on when I'm watching tv alone in the dark
This is me Whenever I watch a scary movie alone in the dark https://vine.co/v/MQHqMHXdYmg 
im so bored why don't i watch a horror movie now, alone, in the dark woohoo
You're crazy lol "@SammyLynn_xo: I'm watching such a scary movie alone in the dark rn tf is wrong with me"
Taylor is sending me snapchats of her playing with her Lego movie Legos alone in the dark in her room omfg
watching a horror movie alone in the dark is not exactly the best idea
buy online and direct #download cheap #movie Alone in the Dark, Netflix http://48movie.com/movie/89383/alone_in_the_dark.html …
Driving home alone in the dark means remembering every scary movie you have ever watched then sprint into the house
Driving home alone, in the dark after seeing a scary movie is always fun
Watching a horror movie alone, in the dark, in the middle of the night. Naturally. #Oculus #kindanervous
Before you sit down to watch a scary movie alone in the dark in your room make sure you have everything you need from downstairs first
drinking and watching a horror movie before walking home alone in the dark was a very very bad idea
Watching a scary movie alone in the dark
after how many times I watched a scary movie, I'll still be scared if I'm watching it alone in the dark
Watching Oculus all alone in the dark for this movie night? Bad choice. 
Why did I think watching a scary movie alone in the dark would be okay?! #scared
Watched a movie called Case 39 tonight. Although it wasn't one bit scary, now that I'm alone in the dark, I'm absolutely terrified of it.
Horror movie logic: "Creepy noise in the basement? Better check it out! Alone... in the dark... with my broken flashlight..."
Laying down alone in the dark and then a preview of a scary movie comes on. really?
Is the new purge movie scary because I'm about to watch it ALONE in the DARK on my computer?????
I'm the type if person that will chill alone in the dark an watch the scariest movie I can find ...idk lol
I'm dead watching a scary movie alone in the dark #WhatsWrongWitMe
im done painting for the night. pjs on and i think im going to watch a horror movie alone.. in the dark.. yikes
i hate when a scary movie trailer pop up on tv and im alone in the dark.
Watching a scary movie alone in the dark was a bad idea
Sinister is not a movie to be watching alone, in the dark. Great movie though!
Don't watch the Lego movie alone in the dark
How to watch a horror movie alone in the dark room without getting frightened? Watch a comedy movie instead.
Well The Exorcism of Emily Rose was probably not the best movie choice to watch alone in the dark
I just can't watch a horror movie alone, in the dark, in my room.
watching a scary movie and then driving home alone in the dark is on the top 10 list of most terrifying things
I hate driving down Klondike alone in the dark because I always think someone is going to jump out and kill me like in a scary movie
Alone, in the dark, watching a scary movie and my cat decides to run into my door at the scary part. Jerk.
buy online and direct #download cheap #movie Alone in the Dark, Netflix http://48movie.com/movie/89383/alone_in_the_dark.html …
Why the hell did I just watch a scary movie alone in the dark at 1am...
I JUST WATCHED A SCARY MOVIE AND IM ALONE IN THE DARK AND EVERYONE ELSE IS ASLEEPP
Watching a scary movie and i have been left alone in the dark and i want to cry
watching horror movie alone in the dark......
It's the absolute WORST when you're in your basement alone in the dark and a creepy ass movie trailer comes on. THE ABSOLUTE WORST
Describe your sexlife in a movie title >Twelve monkeys >Alone in the dark >Les miserables >Predator
wow youtube it would b great if you didnt play horror movie ads when im home alone in the dark :)))
I'm watching a scary movie alone in the dark so someone call me pls
It's funny I can't watch a horror movie or be alone in the dark but I can watch Criminal Minds all day and night even Dall asleep with it on
Really glad that when I'm home alone in the dark @YouTube decides TO SHOW ME A HORROR MOVIE TRAILER. #not
I'm scared of people that can watch a scary movie alone in the dark...
I REALLY shouldn't be watching a horror movie alone in the dark right now...
I'd rather watch a horror movie while alone in the dark than watch another sappy love story while I'm single. And I'm doing both tonight
Parents are out getting drunk with friends and I'm here watching the Inbetweeners Movie alone in the dark
I'm sitting alone, in the dark, watching a movie and eating chicken tenders #thisisliving
Probably shouldnt watch a horror movie before an 8 hour drive alone in the dark. #BigMistake #AdelaideToMelbourne #ImGoingHome
When I watch a scary movie alone in the dark #turnallthelightson #INeedSomeLights https://vine.co/v/MQHqMHXdYmg 
Nothing like them rainy or cold nights when you can just stay indoors with bae alone in the dark & run them horror movie marathons.
"@ChocoLeZoot: Scary movie alone & in the dark. Lets do this!" Hahaha I do this all the time! So fun.
By the time I'm alone in the dark watching a movie with a dude we should be talking blood types lol
Going down stairs in heels is scarier then watching a scary movie alone in the dark.
thoughts when watching a horror movie: if scary things are happening in your house, why the hell are you walking alone in the dark at night?
Tara Reid deserves to lose that hand for being in Alone in the Dark. I had to sit through that movie. #Sharknado2TheSecondOne
@UKHaunted I love this movie,and i watch it alone,in the dark...i have no choice,tbh.
@kristinn_m haha idk y bc the movie wasn't that scary!! just being outside, alone in the dark after it
IM NOT NORMAL!! my whole family is asleep and every light in this house is off and I'm watching a scary movie alone in the dark
My favorite horror movie. Watched this movie alone, in the dark when I was about 7 or 8 and I still… http://instagram.com/p/rD34bmJS70/ 
Don't know if I should be sketched out...coming home and finding my mom watching a scary movie, alone, in the dark. #thehellisgoinonhere
i'm sitting in my car alone in the dark blaring Journey this feels like an 80's movie
Naaahh I'll just watch the movie. Alone. In the dark. Crying.
Watched a scary movie with shannon and now I have to sleep alone in the dark living room
okay whats a good scary movie 2 watch bc im in my room alone in the dark and yoLO LIVIN LIKE LARRY
you're a faggot cause you left me out here alone in the dark to watch this movie by myself love you
Going to watch another scary movie alone in the dark tonight.
Rebecca Mader at Party For the Movie "Alone in the Dark" in 2005 @bexmader pic.twitter.com/KORgn8I95C
For some reason I now want Edward Carnby's model from the original Alone in the Dark to be ported to 3D Movie Maker.
@ClocktownTV @isa_evns what about that bloke who ruined 'alone in the dark' that's a bad movie director who does video game movies...
About to watch a scary movie alone in the dark. Wish me luck.
When I watch a scary movie alone in the dark #turnallthelightson #INeedSomeLights #ItsWaytooDark #TPain #co... https://vine.co/v/MQHqMHXdYmg 
Alone in the Dark #StankUpAMovie My bad, that movie didn't need any help. It already stinks to high heaven.
I'm the kind of person that can watch a horror movie alone in the dark late at night and not even get slightly freaked out
Laying here alone in the dark after seeing a scary movie is no good.
watching a scary movie alone in the dark was the very worst idea i've ever had
literally in the house alone in the dark watching a movie
Why am i watching this scary movie alone .. in the dark .. right before i go to bed ?
watched #williowcreek scariest movie ive seen in years made me jump, hats off to #bobcatgoldthwait DARE U 2 WATCH IT ALONE IN THE DARK I did
I'm watching Grave Encounters on #Netflix, at home, alone, in the dark. I love this kind of thrill you can get from a movie. It's rare.
Really gotta watch that movie alone ( ._.) In the dark (._. ) with the door locked(._.) With headphones on._.)
I like scary movies until I'm laying in bed alone, in the dark, thinking about the scary movie.
Fell asleep watching a movie with my fam at 10, and just woke up now all alone in the dark
I love that movie but too scared to watch alone in the dark
@camerondallas I like you. So you should tell me whether or not to watch a scary movie alone in the dark.
ewatching a scary movie alone...in the dark is terrifying! @camerondallas join me! lol #CallMeCam
Why the fuck did I decide to watch a scary movie alone in the dark? AHHH, scared as shit and have no one to hold
The real question is why am I watching a scary movie in my room alone in the dark?!?
watching horror movie trailers alone in the dark.. bad idea mckenzie bad idea ah
Alone in the Dark “ @MovieAsk: Worst video game to movie adaptation?”
When I watch a scary movie alone in the dark #turnallthelightson #INeedSomeLights #ItsWaytooDark #TPain #comedia https://vine.co/v/MQHqMHXdYmg 
Reading "peculiar children" alone in the dark is like watching a mej horror movie by yourself alone. In the dark.
Anna fell asleep last night and let me watch the scary movie BY MYSELF. i hate watching them alone in the dark
I always want to watch a horror movie alone in the dark and then the previews always scare the crap outta me like c'mon really #failure
Being on FaceTime with your boyfriend while he's with other guys is worse than a horror movie, alone, in the dark.
It's an eerie experience being alone in the dark in a movie theater for 20 minutes because you arrived wayyy too early... -_-"
THEY WATCHED A SCARY MOVIE ALONE IN THE DARK
Watching alone in the dark.... Its a horror movie
Watching this scary movie alone in the dark is prob a bad idea ..
Scary movie alone in the dark. Not my brightest idea.
I refuse to watch a scary movie alone in the dark at night
“ @ShadyBehavior: I'm About To Watch A Scary Movie All Alone In The Dark ” you the devil
Baby Geniuses 2, Master of Disguise, Alone in the Dark, Garbage Pail Kids, Disaster Movie, and Movie 43 are the worst movies ever made. 0_0
Ever since watching a horror movie I really hate walking alone in the dark...
Watching a scary movie alone in the dark.. someone cuddle with me /.\
I'm watching this scary movie ... alone ... in the dark
Movie #196 of 2014: ALONE IN THE DARK (1982). Elderly maniacs torment their doctor. Lord, give me the remake rights. pic.twitter.com/sSfaKDLO9r
Watching a horror movie, alone, in the dark, at my all as room, before going to bed... Worst fcking idea ever
Shiddd I'm Scared Of Being Alone In The Dark After Watching A Scary Movie — Lmaoo me too! http://ask.fm/a/aqflgkpg 
Nothing's scarier than watching TV alone in the dark and a commercial for a scary movie comes on
The prequel to the Lego Movie is a drunk #saddad assembling a set quietly alone in the dark after his toddler has gone to bed.
Watching the purge for the first time. Wait is this a scary movie? It's 3am and I'm in my room alone in the dark.
hate when scary movie commercials come on at night when I'm alone in the dark
Just saw the purge anarchy premier that's my new favorite movie it had me a little scared driving home alone in the dark tho @kdogslice
I just heard the devil at my front door. As I sit here alone. In the dark. On drugs. Watching a horror movie. I'm going to die, aren't I?
oh yeah evil dead is always a good movie to watch alone in the dark at 1:30 a.m
Driving home alone in the dark after watching a scary movie is not fun :(
I'm a real man right now because I'm watching Pet Sematary all alone in the dark. The ones who've watched this movie will understand..
Photo: I’ve been waiting for Doug to tackle another Uwe Boll movie since I saw the Alone in the dark... http://tmblr.co/ZFQVPx1Lh6MLo 
watched a really good horror movie and now im scared of being alone in the dark o:
Horror movie marathon alone in the dark at this time of night.
Is it weird that I could watch a horror movie alone, in the dark ever since I was a child and have no trouble sleeping at night?
Okay scary movie alone in the dark was a bad bad idea
Seriously, I'm a horror movie expert and Devil's Due is a joke. I watched it alone, in the dark, and not one time did I even jump....
Gonna watch a scary movie tonight, alone in the dark so yeah. Probably have a heart attack but that's part of the fun whoop
@ladydiskette I just realized that Bloodrayne's one of the movie's Spoony suggested at the end of the Alone In The Dark review, finally!
I'm watching a scary movie alone in the dark during a thunderstorm why
STOP SHOWING COMMERCIALS FOR THE NEW PURGE MOVIE ESPECIALLY AT 1 AM WHEN IM ALONE IN THE DARK
" @miss_beat_: Why did I watch a scary movie alone in the dark" rt
Watching a sad movie while it rains all alone in the dark I am such an emo teen girl, oh no
sister ditched me and went to sleep. So I'm just watching The Lego Movie alone in the dark. AHAHAHAHAH.
Watching mama for the first time alone.. In the dark ... Fuck I don't make the best decisions on which movie to watch at night.
then when we're alone, in the dark, with a romantic movie playing
Shouldn't have seen a horror movie all alone in the dark
That moment u watch a scary movie n r scared to go to the bathroom alone in the dark...
Watching a movie while home alone in the dark about some creepy psycho is probably not the best idea #hearingnoises
In need of some cute chick flick movie recommendations so I can sit home alone in the dark and cry pls
I get scared seeing scary movie commercials while I'm alone in the dark
Watching a scary movie alone in the dark... We don't know
I'm home alone this can only mean one thing MOVIE MARATHON ALONE IN THE DARK AND UNDER THE COVERS WITH SHITLOAD OF FOOD
3am, alone in the dark, caretaker that wanders around, no one in sight for miles. Who ever's making this movie, leave out the serial killer!
So I'm thinking about watching a horror movie tonight... Alone... In the dark... yeah, I'm probably going to have an anxiety attack.
Watching a horror movie alone in the dark because that's how I roll. #areyouscaredyet
Watching a scary movie while home alone in the dark is not a very good idea
Feel like watching a horror movie..alone..in the dark.. The thrill
@atingngpex really?good for you :-) ako once p lang yung watch ng movie alone in the dark! hahaha
@cristela9 sounds like Tara Reid's role in the terrible movie "Alone In The Dark".
I love scary movies but watching a scary movie alone in the dark may not be the best idea I've ever came up with
Why did I think watching a scary movie, alone, in the dark, was a good idea? #holdmeeee
No matter how scary a movie is it becomes 100x more scary watching it alone In the dark!
I hate when I'm alone in the dark & then all these scary movie commercials come on
I hate that I saw a scary movie and now I'm alone in the dark like fuck
currently opening the floodgates of tears cus best man holiday is literally the saddest movie to watch alone in the dark
Why do all the scary movie trailers come on my TV while I'm sitting alone in the dark?
Am I the only one who gets paranoid about being alone in the dark after watching a scary movie ? #ineedcuddles
#TeenWolf has become a horror movie....& i'm alone in the dark
I'm watching a horror movie. Alone. In the dark. There is something seriously wrong with me
Best Horror Movies – Alone In The Dark 2 Full Movie English subtitlesHD …http://howtobecomeafitnessmodel.lionsground.com/best-horror-movies-alone-in-the-dark-2-full-movie-english-subtitleshd/ … #FitnessModel #F... pic.twitter.com/54rgx1F3Yb
@Royals_Holden @jxrdanleigh yea they was in the movie room alone in the dark for a good hour
Over to your right, ladies and gentlemen, you will see the Alone In The Dark movie set where Tara Reid's acting career died #BadGhostTours
is it a bad idea to watch a scary movie on netflix alone in the dark
Walking to my barn alone in the dark after watching a movie about zombies is not a good idea.
time to watch a horror movie alone in the dark thats the Saturday night I know!
Maddie and Michael left me alone in the dark, while watching a scary movie... Thanks
Watching a scary movie alone in the dark wasn't a good idea
Driving alone in the dark after seeing a scary movie is almost scarier than the movie
When you're working out alone in the dark and pandora decides to play a scary movie trailer <<<
I'm bout to watch a scary movie alone in the dark at night before I go to bed...
Of course the trailer to a scary movie would come on when I'm alone in the dark in the living room -.-
" @Sahteeva: watching a scary movie alone in the dark "look out the window
We are going to watch Uwe Boll's terrible "Alone in the Dark." Ben's first R rated horror movie. I am doing him a disservice. Sorry.
Eating a sandwich n some ramen and watching a movie.... alone.... in the dark... what a great night ahhaha
When scary movie preview come on my tv while I'm alone in the dark <<<
The Conjuring probably isn't the smartest movie to watch alone in the dark at night, but hey.... that's me.
Brb filming my own horror movie since the power went out and I'm home all alone in the dark in the middle of a hurricane
OKAY WOW DO NOT EVER WATCH A MOVIE ABOUT A SERIAL KILLER ALONE IN THE DARK
I hate when scary movie commercials come on late at night when I'm all alone in the dark
I don't know why I even bother trying to watch a scary movie alone in the dark. I just get paranoid after and end up turning on lights
Sleeping alone in the dark after watching a scary movie...
when you have to walk alone in the dark and suddenly remember the scary monster from that movie you watched three years ago
"Alone in the Dark" (2005) is a grim movie (F) #AhiMovieReviews <n83mt8>
Hoping that The Purge isn't that of a scary movie because I'm about to watch it alone in the dark.
Please don't play a commercial that previews a scary movie when I'm alone in the dark. Thanks.
of course i'm home alone in the dark when a bunch of scary movie commercials come on
Scary movie, home alone & in the dark = Bridget about to die of fright
I hate when I'm watching tv alone in the dark and a commercial for a scary movie comes on
Watching a legit scary movie at 10:45 alone in the dark is a really bad idea
watching tv and all of a sudden a scary movie trailer pops up and you alone in the dark ... worst moment ever
@__frankster it's probably the only horror movie I've seen that I can never watch again bc terrified. I watched it alone, in the dark.
@avonwithjustin @tbhsamina I didn't think u were too scared to watch a horror movie alone in the dark
I have to turn my head or look down whenever a scary movie preview comes on. Especially since I'm alone in the dark rn lol
Watching a horror movie. Alone. In the dark. Air conditioner kicks in. My heart kicks out.
watching a scary movie and my friends left me alone in the dark
I'm alone in the dark and the stupid exorcist movie commercial comes on MTV can you not
LOVE I AM WATCHINF TEEN WILF ALONE IN THE DARK AT 4 AM I DO NOT WANT TO SEE SOME OLD HORROR MOVIE AD OKAY THANKS
Finally I'm back and for a new review the worst movie I have ever seen "Alone in the dark"
Why do I always watch a scary movie when I'm all alone in the dark, like what was I thinking?
I freaking hate scary movie trailers on commercial when I'm alone in the dark
Horror movie alone in the dark. Yeahhhhh. Goodnight everyone. :)
Nothing is worse than being alone in the dark and a scary movie commercial comes on...
i can't watch a movie alone in the dark, i get paranoid as shit.
Tbh i was completely fine & happy. Until like a few hours ago, when i was just here sitting alone in the dark watching some sad love movie.
If you're alone in the dark with someone and you guys watch a movie chances are you guys aint even gonna remember the movie lol
Not sure why I decided to watch a zombie movie home alone in the dark but hopefully I dont have to pee or anything bc I'm too scared to move
watchin one snake movie alone in the dark lol I weird.
I am sure of these things: Andy Kaufman was wrestling's greatest villain, and Alone in The Dark is the worst movie. http://m.imdb.com/title/tt0369226/ …
When a scary movie trailer comes on & your home alone in the dark. <<<<
Watching a scary movie alone in the dark like
I'm in the living room, alone, in the dark, watching a movie by myself, at midnight, because my parents hate me & I have no friends
Watchin a scary movie? Don't be alone, in the dark, next to the speakers and super close to the t.v
id pay money just to go to a movie theater and sit in a room alone in the dark with that picture on the screen for 3 hours
Horror movie alone in the dark... #frightNight
Okay,I'm bored. Describe your sexlife with the name of 1 movie #replytweet :D Mine is...Alone in the dark Go!
watched a scary movie and I'm alone in the dark rn
Here I am alone in the dark watching a walk to remember. i cant get over how good this movie is and how much im crying over it.
@JagerCassandra tryin to leave me alone in the dark with the credits and music to horror movie still playin #occulus #notmyhouse
IM TOO SCARED TO TURN THE SCARY MOVIE OFF AND I'M ALL ALONE IN THE DARK HELP ME
Having a scary movie night, this shall be fun! c: All alone in the dark ^.^ Well goodnight. c:
Being home alone in the dark and a scary movie commercial comes on
Why they always wanna show all the scary movie commercials when I'm up alone in the dark and can't find the remote
“ @_MirzaV: Somebody pls tell me a good movie to watch on netflix” Haunt. Watch it alone in the dark
First "Scary Movie" preview to scare the crap outta me... And i'm home alone in the dark keeping a bat near me now
That moment your alone in the dark watching tv and a horror movie trailer comes on
When your home alone in the dark and a trailer for a new horror movie comes up #letsseewhatsondisney
Why is it that I wasn't scared at all while we were watching the scary movie but now that I'm in bed alone in the dark I'm terrified
Alone in the dark in Brynna's basement & pretty scared after watching a scary movie pic.twitter.com/zts5A20ipX
"Alone in the Dark" (1982) is a thought provoking movie (B) #ConamaraViews <n7puzn>
#tbt when me and my Cousin had the whole Movie Room for us!So scary it was 1am, a Horror Movie and alone in the dark! pic.twitter.com/Ykl8ga1Cpx
Whyyyy do scary movie commercials come on pandora when I'm all alone in the dark
Thanks Pandora for putting on a horror movie preview when im all alone in the dark xD
watching a scary movie alone in the dark isn't the brightest idea that I've ever had
watching a scary movie while home alone in the dark was not a good idea
@angieiskaraky this movie is not made for someone to watch it alone...in the dark xD
horror movie scenes are like [loud thumping noises] (person voice) what was that? im alone in the dark so i better check it out
@liltzion_kc hahaha you watch this movie alone in the dark at 3am and tell me how you feel
Have you ever watched a scary movie and wanted to go to your room but you're too scared so you just stay alone in the dark and pray bc me
When scary movie trailers come on while I'm alone in the dark. #comeon
Watching a scary movie alone in the dark...
Why do all the scary movie trailers decide to come on when I'm watching tv alone in the dark? #ChangingTheChannel
Why must the horror movie ad play the second I'm left alone in the dark basement... :'(
I can't watch scary movie commercials at night especially when I'm in my room alone in the dark
CAN THEY NOT SHOW THIS FUCKIN HORROR MOVIE PREVIEW WHILE KM ALONE IN THE DARK
“ @murder_iwrite: To watch a scary movie alone in the dark or not hmmm”
I feel like Shutter Island was not a wise choice of movie to watch alone, in the dark.
'Make your movie for one person at a time. Imagine your fourth grade teacher sitting alone in the dark.' ~Ed Zwick
I can sit and watch any horror movie alone in the dark at 3 am and not have any problems
When Your Awake All Alone In the Dark And A Preview For A Scary Movie Comes On <<<
Why am I watching a scary movie alone... In the dark... At night... On the projector... About the Devil... #ButImNotScared
I dead ass hate when scary movie commercials come on & im alone in the dark
I hate when im watching tv alone in the dark and a commercial for a scary movie comes on
Watching a horror movie alone in the dark at this time,Great idea Orlaith absolutely amazing idea.
Pure Joy: Alone in the dark, watching your favourite horror movie. The demon pops out and then come erotic asphyxiation.
Watching a scary movie alone in the dark
Subtweet to Drew for giving me a lecture about how I need to "learn to walk alone in the dark" after watching a scary movie.
A scary movie commercial would come on while im alone in the dark
Alone in the dark watching Naija...oh, i just realize i just made a movie title for Nollywood...hehehehe
Not a good idea to watch a horror movie alone in the dark.. Right before heading to bed hah hah
Might as well try to find the scariest movie I can.. And watch it all alone in the dark. I'm just feeling ballsy like that.
Everytime I watch a zombie movie I hate walking in the house alone in the dark
watchin this scare movie alone in the dark ,
It's ironic that one of my favorite movies is Spirited Away and SpiritedLines' favorite movie is Alone In The Dark. #SpiritAirlines #LGA
I'm Watching This Scary Movie In The Room All Alone In The Dark
I'm going to watch a 90s movie. Alone. In the dark, cold night. Without hot pizza. Topped with melting cheese.
How bad of an idea is it to watch a scary movie alone, in the dark, at 1:30 AM?? the baddest
Watch a scary movie? After 10? In your room, alone? In the dark?......sure Destinee, why not? It's not like you get scared easily. #badidea
I want to watch a scary movie but not alone in the dark
Who wants to skype while I watch this scary movie home alone in the dark yayyy
An even better essay is this one on the making of the terrible Alone in the Dark movie. http://www.somethingawful.com/feature-articles/behind-scenes-uwe/1/ …
I hate when a scary movie preview comes on TV and I'm all alone in the dark .
Watching a scary movie alone, in the dark is never a good idea
I don't like watching scary movie commercials while I'm alone in the dark, I will turn the channel so fast.
for real tho like the movie The Descent made me never want to be alone in the dark ever again
About to watch a scary movie. Alone. In the dark. #ImNotPussy
So pissed this scary ass movie just came on the tv.. And I'm alone in the dark
watching insidious alone in the dark.. this movie SUCKS. Quite hilarious actually.
Sitting alone in the dark when a commercial for a scary movie comes on.......
It always sounds like a great idea to watch a scary movie when I'm home alone in the dark
Child's Play use to scare the living shit out of me but now I can watch that movie all alone in the dark and I laugh
I'm gonna watch a horror movie tonight. Horror movies are best when you're watching them alone in the dark.
#nw The Cabin in the Woods ! An Horror movie alone in the dark I'm not sure that's a good idea !!
the fact I'm watching a scary movie rn. alone. in the dark.
. @AntStiller @RaygunBrown Example: I have seen Alone in the Dark maybe... four times? I don't like that movie, but I LOVE how rubbish it is.
When you alone in the dark and a scary movie preview decides to show I don't mess with those demonic movies
Watching a scary movie alone....in the dark
@bbkwyatt "smiling" The best effect for a horror movie is alone in the dark. When it is stormy weather Fun fun fun !!! Hahahaha
I love how I conveniently remember every single horror movie I've ever watched when I'm walking through my house alone in the dark
Midnight is the best time to watch a completely terrifying horror movie, alone in the dark. Yeah totally. Like, sure. I'll fucking die.
Being home alone in the dark is fantastic I'm not thinking about scary movie scenarios at all
I'm such a sappy person like it should not be okay to sit in your living room alone in the dark and cry over a movie
All my friends left so I'm sitting in my basement alone in the dark watching a movie
Yes..it is one of the worst movie:) lanjut #nw "alone in the dark 2" they say,it better than the first:) let's see..
Probably shouldn't be watching a scary movie alone in the dark at 3 am.
Devil due is a good movie lol when ur alone in the dark and when its loud #anxietyfordays
#nw "alone in the dark 1"a western #horror movie:)
To all the horror movie trailers that play at night when I'm alone in the dark...screw you! #nightmaresfordays #afraidofthedark #sadface
The movie and credits ended and still one person remained fast asleep alone in the dark @MichaeIMiller pic.twitter.com/pbTkWfN7M7
Watching world war z. Alone. In the dark. Pshhh I'll be alright *go's to sleep after movie and has a nightmare*ahhhh pic.twitter.com/wyUGrR0awl
My boyfriend is literally the only person I know that doesn't get excited when I ask for movie night at my house. Alone. In the dark.
"Alone in the Dark" (2005) is a repulsive movie (F) #DallasCritic <n780zh>
Watching "Alone in the dark", scary but great movie with amazing Dwight Schultz.
Watching a scary movie alone in the dark at 2am probably isn't a good idea. #SingleGirlProblems
Nothing like a scary movie in the middle of the night, alone in the dark... (I still think th... #TheConjuring #tvtag http://tvt.ag/1pwRo2s 
Sitting at home alone in the dark watching a movie and eating ice cream #life
My attempt to watch a scary movie alone in the dark tonight lasted a good 30 seconds
Bru idk but i just really like that movie sinister , like i'll watch that movie at midnight alone in the dark and not be scared ._.
So, watching a scary movie at night alone in the dark is a good idea, right?
I'M HOME ALONE IN THE DARK WATCHING A SCARY MOVIE AND THE TOILET UPSTAIRS JUST FLUSHED I'M FREAKING OUT GUYS HELP ME I'M FUCKING SCARED
Something is so wrong with me. I watched a scary movie, alone, in the dark & cried .... tf am I crying for?!
It's not a good idea to watch a scary movie alone in the dark in your room with your closet door opened
My idea of a fun Friday night? Scary movie. Alone. In the dark.
did that fkn scary ass movie trailer gotta pop up right now? I'm alone in the dark. Tf
I'm trying to listen to Pandora. Downstairs. Alone. In the dark. Horror movie advertisements CAN YOU NOT
The movie signs has scared me for life. Now if I'm outside alone in the dark I check the rooftops for aliens
Why would sleep station pandora have an ad for a fucking demotic possession movie. Like I'm alone in the dark wtf.
FUCKING PANDORA IM OVER HEAR ALONE IN THE DARK LISTENING TO TIJUANA PANTHERS AND YOU DECIDE TO PLAY THAT SCARY ASS DEVIL MOVIE COMMERCIAL
Never watch a scary movie, then drive home alone in the dark! #scary #peedmypants
Driving home alone in the dark scares the shit outta me like I just think of every scary movie and wanna cry
Why am I watching scary movie 3 alone in the dark like idc that girl freaks me out
ブログを更新しました。 『Rimowa in the movie　　　【alone in the dark】』 http://ameblo.jp/rimowa-saitama/entry-11877217900.html …
J'ai lu sur un certain blog (coucou @PrescilllaS ) qu'ils vont faire Sonic The movie 2 mots : Uwe Boyle (Alone in The Dark)
*scary movie preview comes on when I'm alone & in the dark* *accepts that the demon from the preview is in my closet & gonna kill me*
Time to watch a scary movie all alone in the dark. So.freaking.excited
Oh just play a scary movie preview while I'm alone in the dark
Probably a bad idea to watch this scary movie alone in the dark...
it's never okay when I'm sitting in my basement alone in the dark and a commercial for a scary movie comes on #freakinthefout
My printer needs to shut the hell up while I'm watching a scary movie alone in the dark.
Every time I watch this damn movie I watch it alone, in the dark. I`m a jackass. XD
*watches sad movie while eating alone in the dark*
I just watched a scary movie and now I'm alone in the dark downstairs waiting for my brothers laundry to finish wtf man it's so quiet
yeah, absolutely! but since i saw that movie i am afraid of being alone in the dark oops @priortrisix
Home Alone in the Dark, a movie by Uwe Boll #RuinThe90s @midnight
Stayed up waaaaay too late watching #sinister alone in the dark. Creepy-ass movie. Good night, I guess?
Why in the fuck am I watching a scary movie alone in the dark
Why the fuck did a scary movie commercial have to come on when I'm up alone in the dark
Idk why I decided to watch a scary movie alone in the dark... #scared4life
Scared being alone in the dark after seeing a PREVIEW for a scary movie....such a baby
Heaven is enjoying a movie alone in the dark with some fast food and glasses of cold drinks while it's early in the morning.
I'm contented to spend my midnight time watching 'Blended' alone.. in the dark, as if I'm watching a horror movie.
When your chilling alone in the dark, and a commercial for a horror movie comes on. Im done.
I hate when I'm watching tv in my room alone in the dark and then a scary movie trailer comes on.
Watching this movie at 2 am alone In the dark probably wasn't my bed Idea
This is a creepy movie to be watching alone in the dark
Probably shouldn't be watching a horror movie alone in the dark...
This horror movie is so scary why am i watching it alone in the dark
Katie left me in her movie theater. Alone. In the dark.
regretting the fact that I watched a scary movie alone... in the dark... at 2AM
Watching a scary movie all alone in the dark. #imsucha
Scary movie 2 is on and I'm watching it alone in the dark, dun dun dun...
One of my goals in life is to be able to watch a horror movie alone in the dark....
Alone in the dark living room watching a scary movie
I'm home alone in the dark and a scary movie commercial got me balled up behind the couch blowing up my dads phone.
Watching Bee Movie alone in the dark on a Saturday night, 'cause no life.
While watching a scary movie alone in the dark, ashley bursts through the front door at the scariest part like thanks
my dad likes to torture me by making me watch a scary movie then leaving me alone in the dark.
Watching a scary movie, alone, in the dark, at night.. Brave of just stupid
You've never really watched a scary movie until you watch it alone in the dark #sofreakedout
i dnt get people that say 'i dare u to watch a horror movie alone in the dark'.bitch bc u are a scary cat it doesn't mean that i am too
#porn, #sex, #video, #sexy, #pussy, #xxx, #movie, #teen, Bettie Pumpkin 's Alone In The Dark http://xoonii.com/bettie-pumpkins-alone-in-the-dark/ …
I will never watch a scary movie and then drive home alone in the dark again. I swear there was someone/something in my back seat
Watching a creepy movie and then laying down alone in the dark <<<
Driving home alone in the dark after a scary movie <<<
y am i watching a scary movie alone in the dark
@jennycraven_ This movie is why being home alone in the dark is creepy, plus the police man with the back of his head open just appeared
Chillin all alone in the dark in a puddle of my own tears after reading The Fault In Our Stars wondering how im gonna survive the movie.
I watch Sinister and 2 malaysian horror movie at midnight. Alone in the dark. I don't feel anything
Meron kaya dun sa movie nung, "Isaac: “Dude, I’ve been alone in the dark in this cave for weeks and I need some relief. HUMP THE CAVE WALL.”
Thanks for leaving me alone in the dark with a scary movie on dad.
One of the most scariest things you can do is ride your bike home alone... In the dark... After watching a scary movie...
Was the commercial of the scary movie necessary. I was alone in the dark
My sister made me watch a scary movie with her and left me alone in the dark... Thanxxx
Alone In The Dark 2 Tamil Dubbed Movie http://onlinetubevideo.net/component/contushdvideoshare/player/online-tube-tamil-dubbed-movies/alone-in-the-dark-2-tamil-dubbed-movie.html?Itemid= …
Nothing is worse then driving home alone in the dark after watching a scary movie and having a very active imagination #help
Watching a scary movie alone in the dark is not smart lmao
Am left alone in the dark, I guess I'll have to spice up the moment with this movie!!! Haunt pic.twitter.com/CpKWpm3IAe
@AITD_Movie_Book "Alone In The Dark" will be THE Slasher Movie guide! Taking on 80 years of gore. Somebody's gotta do it, folks & they will.
Watching the movie mama alone in the dark... don't know how this is gonna gooo
lol @ me for watching a scary movie in my room alone... In the dark
Sitting in the movie theatre all alone in the dark..
watching a horror movie alone in the dark <3
watching a scary movie alone, in the dark isn't something i should be doing
I would go to bed but after watching that movie I do not plan on being alone in the dark!
Man Sinister is one scary movie if you watch it all alone in the dark!
I have no idea why I'm sitting here, alone in the dark, watching a scary movie... #eep
Watching a scary movie alone in the dark #badidea
I'm watching this movie alone in the dark lmao best believe I'm scared
> watching a scary movie alone in the dark and Hunter always being awake as long as she was. It made her feel terrible, thus, she was >
so if you're ever bored and decide to watch a scary movie alone in the dark, take my advice and don't
Laying home alone in the dark while its thundering watching a scary movie... FUN!!
K so the movie is over and now I'm sitting alone in the dark cuz Aubs and Annie fell asleep
if somethin remotely scaring like shootin someone is gonna happen in a movie at night, alone, in the dark, i pause it before it gets to it.
@YellowCranePr I don't know. I can't be alone in the dark because of this one movie I watched. I seriously can't handle stuff. XD
movie theatres, watching shows with friends, lan parties: all scratching the surface of our desire to be alone in the dark vomiting
You one brave muthafucka if you can sit & watch a scary movie alone in the dark .
Scary movie alone in the dark? Welp, time to build a blanket fort to protect me while I sleep.
I love how only when you're alone in the dark every image from every scary movie you've ever watched pops into your head. I just love that.
#ThingsIHaveNeverDone Watch horror movie alone in the dark! :P
Needed to turn on some lights in this house. Swear I'm the only one who can't watch this movie alone in the dark..... #Sinister
3:30 AM , Watching A Fucken Horror Movie <3 :D #Selfie #Horror #Alone in the #Dark #Fun http://instagram.com/p/ofmS7JudTE/ 
What better time to start watching a horror movie alone in the dark than 3:30am??
I want to go swimming but then swimming alone in the dark sounds like something from a horror movie.
@elliottrains Not what I meant! Cry while reading it (alone in the dark if you want) and don't cry in the movie b/c you'll know what happens
Every time I'm alone in the dark I think about every scary movie I've ever seen
"ALONE IN THE DARK is not a clear horror movie, a clear action movie, or a clear sci-fi movie. [1/2]
At the movie theater to see X-Men. All alone. In the dark. :)
"I think Alone in the Dark was too much an action creature movie than a horror creature movie." ~Uwe Boll pic.twitter.com/ONHXP9X2FR
"Alone in the Dark" (1982) is a considerable movie (B) #ConamaraViews <n66pph>
Watching some crazy scary movie... alone... in the dark
"Alone in the Dark" (1982) is an agreeable movie (B) #AhiMovieReviews <n66mpy>
Why am I watching a scary movie alone..in the dark....fuuhhhh
Ew. Please sell playing scary movie commercials while I'm alone in the dark. Jeepers
What did i get my self into watching this movie alone in the dark 
If I were in a Friday the 13th movie, the very last thing I would do is go to the basement alone in the dark to check the fuse box
Walking home alone in the dark after watching a scary movie is scary
@ganjafairy the PS1 Alone In The Dark was really good but the ones after are pretty bad. At least not as bad as the movie...
Watching this scary movie alone in the dark, I'm so brave
Yes, just watch a movie about a clown alone in the dark. Genius!
and is going to end the movie I'm watching ps I'm alone in the dark .... someone wants to bring popcorn to watch a movie?
No one will watch the Lego Movie with me so I guess I'll watch it alone in the dark like a creep
Ale keeps getting up to pee, and she's leaving alone in the dark with the movie #fuckherdetox
watching a horror movie alone in the dark
I made the mistake of watching that movie. Alone. In the dark.
Hearing this horror movie commercial while I'm alone in the dark is not cool
What's a good movie to rent while I'm alone.. In the dark.. By myself?..
Speaking of Sex Tapes, don't watch the movie "sxtape" alone in the dark. You'll piss yourself. It's terrifying.
buy online and direct #download cheap #movie Alone in the Dark II, Netflix http://goo.gl/eAgn0p 
buy online and direct #download cheap #movie Alone in the Dark II, Netflix http://goo.gl/eAgn0p 
walking home alone in the dark while high is worse than being in a horror movie
The fact that my little brother & dad are watching a movie & eating popcorn makes me sad bc I'm doing projects in my bed alone in the dark
Watching a movie alone in the dark lol at my life
I wanna watch a really really scary movie. Alone. In the dark.
Every time I walk alone In the dark, I think of every Japanese horror movie I've seen. #awhellnah
Watching a scary movie alone in the dark is so cool. Cuz im a BIG GIRL I don't need tissues
Shared a room with my bro my whole life and now when I have to sleep alone in the dark I seem to remember every horror movie I've ever seen.
Should i watch a scary movie home alone in the dark
am I the only who,when I listen a scary movie in the day,I just think about the film when i'm alone in the dark of my bedroom? #scared
Why do I remember everything from every scary movie when I'm alone in the dark in bed !
I don't know which is more terrifying: watching a scary movie or driving home alone in the dark after watching the scary movie
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://youtu.be/xCO7FGs4hDs?a  Alone In The Dark (Full Movie)
not the smartest plan to be watching this movie alone in the dark
#Monday #00:47 #ElHobbit #movie #alone #in #the #dark http://instagram.com/p/oJ9npfH2xm/ 
@PlanetStormy I watch that whole movie alone in the dark lol an still wasn't scared them ghost will pieced up
If your life were a movie, what would be the title? — Alone in the dark http://ask.fm/a/aj09qnda 
Tip: Don't watch a horror movie alone in the dark at night
Ok. I'm about to watch this movie!...alone...in the dark...I'm a big girl, I got this!! #scared lol
why am i watching a "horror" movie alone…in the dark….before bed?
wow. i had to get my dogs with me after that *-* woo. nice. been a while since i watched a horror movie alone in the dark @daodlionheart lol
I wanna watch a scary movie rn but I'm alone in the dark so idk if that's such a good idea
Some men are like Tyler Perry movie marathons: You do them alone in the dark and deny it ever happened when you get your mind right.
It's a perfect night to curl up on my futon and watch a movie alone in the dark
Alone in the dark real smooth sound like some movie soundtrack type beat I like it #Diversity
Senselessly scared driving home alone in the dark after watching a Stephen King movie
Idk why im bout to watch this scary movie alone in the dark like i aint gonna be scared
Ever realized that when your alone in the dark house peacefully in your room your minds like "Hay,remember that horror movie where......."
sitting alone in the dark after watching a horror movie... haha if you could just read my mind
Ridiculous reality tv recovery binge after watching Prisoners, alone, in the dark. Such an intense movie!
#porn, #sex, #video, #sexy, #pussy, #xxx, #movie, #teen, Bettie Pumpkin 's Alone In The Dark http://xoonii.com/bettie-pumpkins-alone-in-the-dark/ …
And watching a scary movie...Alone...In the dark...Lethal Combination lol
Movie marathon alone in the dark
Me, you. Alone. In the dark. *its movie time.
@thelittlemofo @chajique me neither me neither JFC IM SITTING ALONE IN THE DARK ON MY BED SIDE STILL STARING AT THE MOVIE POSTER
Sobbing alone in the dark watching a movie about a man who's in love with a computer.. #Her #help
Attempting to watch a mildly scary movie alone in the dark
Never watching an horror movie alone in the dark before sleeping again #ThePossession #needtocooldown #cantsleep
Fact: driving alone in the dark post-horror movie is a really, really awful idea
I only picked like the scariest movie ever to watch alone... In the dark... Alone. What is wrong with me?!
Why would I ever watch a movie like that this late at night. Alone. In the dark. #needcuddlebuddy
Watching a scary movie alone in the dark is a terrible idea
Wow really happy I watched that horror movie last night. Especially now that I'm alone in the dark.
@KellinSykesx Im sat alone in the dark, pls spare the details on this movie. I was watching the trailer once and it was the breaking arm bit
Watching. movie. Alone. In. The. Dark.
Time for another slasher. Tonight's movie is Alone in the Dark (1982).
Literally left because I was too scared to watch that movie & then drive home alone, in the dark.
Having an awesome movie marathon....ALONE....in the dark....without any companion....just sitting there minding my own business..like a boss
I shouldn't have watched this movie alone In the dark
@ashmin23 yeah for when I wanna blog/watch a movie in my underwear at home... Alone... In the dark... It's pointless, no one is gonna see it
I could watch a horror movie alone in the dark, but I shit in my pants when there's a thunderstorm. #ihatethunder
When I walk around my upstairs alone in the dark with just my phone flashlight on I feel like I'm in slow budget horror movie
Watching the movie Mama alone in the dark should be interesting lol.
Why am I watching this movie alone in the dark?
My brother wants to watch a creepy movie with me but he will fall asleep in the first five minutes and I will sit alone in the dark.
Dead Silence (2007) is a great movie to watch at home alone in the dark. It's a supernatural/psychological horror and it has creepy dolls!(:
I am literally sitting in my house alone in the dark watching a movie
Owen left me..home alone..in the dark..watching a movie by myself
"Alone in the Dark" might be the worst movie I have ever seen in my entire life.
#porn, #sex, #video, #sexy, #pussy, #xxx, #movie,: Bettie Pumpkin&#039;s Alone In The Dark http://tinyurl.com/n25ozag  #BBW
Scary movie alone in the dark and the dishwasher starts making that slurping sound #blanketcocoonrn
Scary movie night! By myself, home alone... In the dark.
I can't believe I'm watching this scary ass movie alone in the dark... Ima be like soon as it go off.
Just watched the creepiest movie ever and I'm all alone in the dark in my room
its 11am and im sat alone in the dark watching hannah montana the movie
I'm going to watch a scary movie alone in the dark and then cry like a little bitch through out it -.-
every time me and anush watch a scary movie she always falls asleep, so i end up watching it alone in the dark ):
Currently watching a scary movie alone in the dark and I'm not sure why
If your life were a movie, what would be the title? — "Alone In The Dark" http://ask.fm/a/ahmkb7q4 
it's night, i'm alone in the dark watching a scary movie, anybody wants to join?
I want to get a million snacks and have a scary movie night alone in the dark
Taylor Swift's safe and sound really gives of that horror movie feel when you listen to it alone in the dark.
When you watch a scary movie, then have to drive home....alone.....in the dark.... @jjena98 @binanovak162 @ryleedoesdrill
Kenia left me alone in the dark watching this scary movie wtf
Jk im not watching this movie it looks scary and I'm alone in the dark
This movie is actually creepy af and Sarahs asleep and im alone in the dark and I just want to cry omg
Walking alone in the dark is never scary when you're drunk but doing it sober feels like a scary movie waiting to happen
Okay emergency I can't find my DVD of Perks and that is the movie I watch alone in the dark because I love it and now I can't find it :/
If anyone wants to join, I will be watch a scary movie tonight...alone...in the dark #letsgetscared
buy online and direct #download cheap #movie Alone in the Dark II, Netflix http://goo.gl/eAgn0p 
Who ever last the longest watching this scary movie without getting scared wins. Loser has to walk around the neighborhood alone in the dark
WHO THE HELL IS KNOCKING AND DINGING THE DOOR WHEN IM HOME ALONE IN THE DARK WHEN DID MY LIFE BECOME AN ALFRED HITCHCOCK MOVIE
Decided to watch a scary movie alone then to walk home alone in the dark with no phone as it was out of battery freaked to say the least
debating on rather to watch a scary movie or not since i'm home alone in the dark
NEVER EVER GOING TO WATCH A HORROR MOVIE AND THEN WALK HOME ALONE IN THE DARK & RAIN AGAIN ! THATS A PROMISE
Walking home alone in the dark when scary/creepy music starts playing. Horror movie quality right here. #imgonnadie
idk why I thought it would be a good idea to watch a scary movie alone in the dark.. Goodbye this is the end I'm goin to die I know it
I don't know why I'm watching this movie. I can't handle scary movies with another person, much less alone in the dark... #devilsdue
I love when scary movie previews come on when I'm watching tv alone in the dark...not
every one is asleep and i just watched a horror movie alone in the dark and about to go to bed #scaredface
oh god i can't watch this movie in theatres. i need to watch it alone in the dark with only my tears for company.
Absolutely h8 when I'm alone in the dark watching tv and then a scary movie preview comes on
K my brothers legit hate me. I mean sure just let me sit alone in the dark and watch this scary movie all by myself.
watching a scary movie when everyone else is sleeping and I'm alone in the dark isn't my best idea, but I'm doing it anyways
Everytime I watch a scary movie I regret when it comes to night time and being alone in the dark
Watching a really weird movie while home alone in the dark was not such a good idea
Watching a horror movie doesn't scare me until I'm at home all alone in the dark...
You can't judge a horror movie unless you watch them alone in the dark with headphones.
Finished watching a horror movie alone in the dark, now looking forward to the sequel in my dreams tonight
Somedays you just need to watch a Lindsay Lohan movie alone in the dark, and that's ok
hopefully i dont have a heart attack while watching this movie alone in the dark.
god bless this poor man that's gonna watch a horror movie alone in the dark room
@HokutoNoShock I've watched that whole movie. Baaaad. Alone in the Dark is worse, though. Actually, what ~are~ the PSN version extras?
A movie like House of the Dead with around $7 million budget or Alone in the Dark with around $16 million budget are much easier to make ...
I hate when Im alone in the dark watching TV & a scarey ass preview from a movie comes on .
MAN FUCK DRIVING HOME ALONE IN THE DARK AFTER SEEING A SCARY MOVIE
Why am I watching a scary movie when I'm just gonna be up all night with this baby, alone, in the dark, at night!
Home alone... In the dark.... And just watched a scary movie...
the movie bones still scares me when I watch it alone in the dark.
In my room alone in the dark while my family is watching The Conjuring with the movie theater speakers on scared
I love scary movies .. I can watch any scary movie alone , in the dark , everything closed shut , in the A.M
This is the scariest part of the movie, and I'm alone, in the dark, watching it. Nice. xD #TheReaping.
horror movies dont scare me but when im walking home alone in the dark i always think of every horror movie ive watched and become terrfied
OMFG THIS MOVIE IS SCARY & IM ALONE IN THE DARK. I CAN'T.
Nothing like watch a scary movie alone in the dark.. haha no sleep for me one more movie then maybe go for a walk?
I'm watching my fav scary movie sinister and my family is questioning wether I'm really there child cause I'm watching it alone in the dark
Walking home alone in the dark after a horror movie.. wouldn't advise it lol #verylongwalk
What on earth made me think watching "The Woman in Black" alone in the dark was a good idea. Pretty #creepy for a modern movie so far!
#download & #watch Alone in the Dark (2008) (VG) http://dlvr.it/5Swqst  #movie
I always regret watching a scary movie when I am alone in the dark
watching a scary movie then being alone in the dark is tooooo creepy.
Watching TV alone in the dark and scary movie preview comes on, Oh God
Can you not show scary movie previews when I'm alone in the dark . #thanks
watching a scary movie, alone, in the dark..why do I do this to myself?
scary movie commercial, downstairs alone in the dark yeah im surprised im not shitting my pants
WHY YALL GOTTA PLAY THIS MOVIE TRALIER WHILE IM ALONE IN THE DARK
fuck when scary movie commercials come on and I'm alone in the dark
@iloveymir Why the hell are you watching a scary movie? Alone? In the dark!? [He gestured around him, the sleeves riding up his arms]
Alone in the dark watching a horror movie. Yes I know I'm going to die
yeah I'll just watch this scary movie by myself....in my room....alone....in the dark
So I'm just watching a romantic movie alone in the dark :/
Even though I have a ton of hw due tomorrow I think right now is the perfect time to watch a horror movie alone in the dark
Sooo currently watching a scary movie alone, in the dark, while it's storming outside... Not my best idea
Who watches a scary movie alone in the dark? I do like an idiot
Silly woman sienna, you don't watch horror movie trailers in bed alone!!! in the dark..stupid move girl
5 minutes ago I was watching a movie with @Morgan82Drews and now I wake up all alone in the dark, lonely basement #wheredyago
You know what's not a good idea? Watching a scary movie about the dark, alone in the dark
I'm watching a scary movie alone in the dark by my fucking self I must be buggin'
I'm home alone in the dark and this movie is getting creepy.
Alone in the dark is a #horror #movie #review #podcast based in New Jersey! Introducing-> @aloneinthedarkp http://www.aloneinthedarkpodcast.com 
Watching a scary movie, alone, in the dark isn't ideal but whatever
Probably shouldn't be watching a scary movie home alone in the dark...
Just alone in the dark at this hour reminds me of #TheConjuring. Man what a movie.
"Alone in the Dark" (2005) is an asinine movie (F) #AhiMovieReviews <n49q1w>
The movie ended and Ash was just like "LATER. SCREW YOU JAYNA IM LEAVING YOU ALONE IN THE DARK IN THAT SMALL ASS CHAIR BYE" oh
Gonna watch a scary movie all alone in the dark. I know....real smart. Goodnight Everyone!
I'M WATCHING A HORROR MOVIE AT NIGHT AND I'M ALONE IN THE DARK WITH THE LIGHTS OFF
There's nothing worse than driving home alone in the dark after watching a scary movie
Nah man I'm gonna watch a horror movie alone. In the dark. In my room. I .. Wish me luck
Not sure if watching a scary movie alone in the dark is such a good idea
Why all the horror movie trailers come on right now when I'm alone in the dark? Assholes
I feel like a loser bc right now I'm sitting alone in the dark eating death by chocolate ice cream watching a tinker bell movie
Movie ~ Alone in the dark ( lights switched off ;)
Watching the abduction scene in Close Encounters of the third kind alone in the dark is a bad idea. Good thing the movie ends well.
It's just a movie RT @ThatHubbardGuy: Better check ya closet RT @SadeChanel: Watching insidious 2... Alone. In the dark.
Only con is when a horror movie commercial plays... bc it's already really quiet... and I'm sitting alone in the dark.....
My brother leaves me alone in the dark right after we watched a horror movie. Thanks.
Never watch a scary movie alone in the dark. Now I'm not sleeping.
Everytime I'm alone in the dark a horror movie commercial has to come on
Okay pandora thanks for playing a commercial for a scary ass movie while I'm sitting alone in the dark doing homework in my room
@alisabounvichit totally that and watching a horror movie alone in the dark
So instead of watching the match , I'm watching a horror movie alone in the dark ...yeah ...
watching a scary movie alone, in the dark wasnt a good idea
Watch scary ass movie and walk home alone in the dark.. not a bitch but I won't lie, I was breaking land speed records with my power walk..
Laying in bed watching Scary Movie 3, Alone in the dark, someone come watch this with me!
The one movie that terrifies me -the grudge. What am I sitting here alone in the dark watching when I need an early night? Why do I do this?
2nd movie, agad agad. X Files, then Alone in the dark. WITH @ladymaldita_007 @_ronnixx_
I'm torturing myself by watching a scary movie alone in the dark.
Terrible idea to watch a scary movie all alone in the dark. What was I thinking? #nightmares4dayzz
What the hell was i thinking when i decided to put on a scary movie and watch it alone in the dark?
I'm outside alone in the dark and I'm pretty sure the beginning of a horror movie is about to go down
@GERARDMKKING808 hahaha I was alone in the dark! Only way to watch a good scary movie. ;)
Alone in the dark and bleeding! This is Brazilian health situation, can't watch no more this horror movie. #health #sos #brazil
Watching a scary movie. Home alone. In the dark. And by myself, not a good idea
I hate being alone in the dark and seeing scary movie trailers
Of course when I'm driving home alone in the dark, a commercial for a new scary movie comes on the radio
Hate horror movie commercials when I'm all alone in the dark
GUYS SCARY MOVIE TRAILERS AND IM ALONE IN THE DARK HELP
Don't you love when those creepy movie ads come on on your computer right before you have to walk alone in the dark? Yeah, me neither...
Am I really gonna watch this scary ass movie alone in the dark ugh
I hate when they be playing these scary ass movie commercial. Like hello I'm all alone in the dark -.- don't play.
Uh, no pandora. I don't want to watch a preview for a scary movie while I'm alone in the dark. But thanks tho.
@xoNatalie_Marie you can't watch that movie alone in the dark hell naw u crazy lol
I can't watch a scary movie with the lights on. That's too boring. I need to be alone, in the dark, and with the volume all the way up.
Taylor and I watched a scary movie lastnight and now I'm without power all alone in the dark
I just want you to put you're arm around me and kiss me and watch a movie but you're busy so I'll just lay alone in the dark
IM WATCHING A HORROR MOVIE ALONE IN THE DARK AND I PICKED IT IN ESPANOL BY ACCIDENT AND ITS CREEPY AS EVER WTF IS MY LIFE
It's a beautiful day... ...to sit alone in the dark and watch a movie about vampires. #OnlyLoversLeftAlive
watching a scary movie, alone in the dark....what could go wrong??
Horror movie ads on Spotify are not acceptable when you're alone in the dark at 3:00am.
I shouldn't be watching this movie alone in the dark!
When pandora plays a scary movie commercial & I'm in my room alone in the dark <
i tried to watch an horror movie alone in the dark but then i remembered that i'm not so thug
@RasalgethiSarin it's actually been awhile since I've seen a good horror movie :P. I'm gonna check it out. Alone. In the dark. At 3 am.
Movie titles that could describe sexual experiences. Superbad, Gone in 60 Sec, Alone In The Dark, Free Willy, Deep Impact.
I hate scary movie commercials when I'm alone in the dark
This movie got me scared as fuck to go alone in the dark anywhere
im in the mood to just sit alone in the dark & watch horror movie alllllll night long :)
You know when you think about a horror movie right before you're about to drive home alone...in the DARK.
Watching a scary movie alone in the dark probs isn't one of my best ideas
The impact where you thought you're watching a horror movie at this timing with your family but NO THEY LEFT YOU ALONE IN THE DARK is wow.
Decided it would be a good idea to watch a horror movie. Alone. In my basement. In the dark. At 2 AM. Alone. In the dark. In my basement.2AM
Scary movie trailers coming on when I'm laying alone in the dark is not okay
okay pandora .. there is no need for horror movie previews while I'm laying here in bed alone in the dark..
Watching a scary movie alone in the dark at 11pm isn't a good idea... #heartsracing #scared #holycrap #cantsleep
why do scary movie trailers always come on when im alone in the dark
hate scary movie trailers when I'm alone in the dark..
Im so scared! Lol why am I watching this movie alone in the dark
When a commercial for a scary movie comes on when I'm alone in the dark. #ohHellno
Should I be watching a horror movie alone...in the dark....in a very old house? Probably not, but I'm doing it anyway!
why do scary movie commercials have to be a thing when im in bed alone in the dark
“ @itsSamCollins: when a preview for a horror movie comes on and you're alone in the dark https://vine.co/v/Mi917igmDO7 ” OMG THE CUTEST LALALA EVER
I hate watching a scary movie then needing to drive alone in the dark
The conjuring is not a movie to watch alone in the dark. SOMEONE COME OVER :'(
watching a horror movie alone in the dark is scary man
“ @Abaybay50: Why am I watching this movie alone, In the dark, and without a dog by my side?” So me right now!
Why am I watching this movie alone, In the dark, and without a dog by my side?
I hate when scary movie previews come on when I'm alone, in the dark
Lmao yes this me when a horror movie comes on and you're alone in the dark & lol dont judge im still a little scared https://vine.co/v/Mi917igmDO7 
Watching this scary movie alone in the dark
@zuster_T When I saw this movie for the first time, all alone, in the dark, I was convinced it was real and I couldn't move for an hour. XD
Note to myself: it's a bad idea to watch a horror movie and then walk home alone.... in the dark
I'm watching a sorta scary movie...alone.... In the dark....ALONE!....What the hell is wrong with me?!?!
Alone in the dark watching a scary ass movie, okay then no one wants to join me.
When a commercial for a scary movie comes on when you're alone in the dark < crying
wow being alone in the dark after watching a scary movie is not fun
I guess my night will be spent alone in the dark watching The Wild Thornberrys Movie
If I could describe my life sex life with a movie title, it would be Alone in the Dark.
A trailer for a scary movie came on and I'm sat here alone in the dark
watching horror movie trailers in the dark alone in the dark while u have to pee is extremely stupid 10/10 would not recommend
Hate when scary movie commercials come on and you're alone in the dark. #no
Watching a scary movie home alone in the dark probably isn't the best idea
Scary movie previews always get me when I'm alone in the dark
Movie marathon today!? Anyone? Anyone?!?!! ....All right, looks like I'm watching movies all night alone. In the dark. Crying.
guys. I am so freaking hardcore. I just went into the haunted movie theater (new storage), alone, in the dark, to find some sewing patterns.
Who would ever watch a horror movie alone in the dark before bed? #nightmares
yyyy am I watching a vampire movie alone in the dark this is too much
I dont like watching scary movie trailers when im alone in the dark..
Why must scary movie commercials come on as soon as I'm laying in my bed, alone, in the dark. :|
Am I really about to watch a "scary movie" all alone...in the dark.... heck yes!
hell no. they just showed a preview for a horror movie & I'm alone in the dark
Watching a horror movie alone in the dark.. This is what my life has become
sitting alone in the dark watching my favorite Harry Potter movie and eating Easy Mac with a knife I'm so lucky
I hate sitting downstairs alone in the dark & scary movie trailers come on. I just look away & pretend I'm busy. No ghosts will get me then!
The 2 minute movie Lights Out is way too scary to watch alone in the dark http://vimeo.com/82920243 
@theneedledrop listening to Totem, & im starting to feel like this is a bad idea right now b/c horror movie vibes & im alone...in the dark.
can scary movie trailers not happen when I'm alone in the dark? thanks
Wowww a scary movie commercial would come on when I'm alone in the dark
me when a scary movie trailer comes on tv when I'm alone & in the dark: "why do bad things happen to good people"
I love it when horror movie commercials come on at 1:30 in the morning while I'm alone in the dark
Probably the only movie im scared of is Sinister. Everything else is whack and I ain't scared to watch alone in the dark.
@jnicolewhit Rae is bringing up that fucking movie while I'm sitting here alone in the dark. That's what's wrong with me!!
and what do I do before bed? Watch a scary ass movie alone in the dark
Watchin dis movie alone .. In the dark. Blinds closed... Door locked.. Curled up in a ball... I be on my loner shit ! #nonewfriends
I hate sitting alone in the dark watching tv and a previews of a scary movie come on
lmao when im home alone in the dark and a scary movie commercial come on i change they channel straight to disney lmao XD #Paranoid .-.
@JD_Hawg @AlexFoux let it be known I will never forget that day.. The day I went and watched a movie by myself... Alone...in the dark
This movie still gives me the chills just by thinking about it. Watch it alone in the dark to feel the full effect. pic.twitter.com/gu5EXIywLA
Watching The Descent alone in the dark. I am also claustrophobic and scared of the dark. I was told this is the scariest possible movie.
@Ventchat after the movie when you drink alone in the dark http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=6zAzAloZpv8 …
Time for another scary movie, alone, in the dark!
movie madness. yesterday was Gravity and Muppets. tonight it's Noah. maybe Her tomorrow? nothing better than a movie alone in the dark :)
I swear I only see scary movie commercials when I'm in my room alone in the dark
Why the hell am I watching this creepy movie alone in the dark
That movie scared the shit out of me when I was younger, and it scares the shit out of me now. Not the movie you watch alone in the dark.
I'm all alone in the dark watching this movie
I just want to watch a scary movie and be alone in the dark. Why won't anyone leave me alone!!!
Excuse me whilst i watch a scary movie alone in the dark
Me and Brianna just watched a scary movie and she fell asleep so now I'm all alone in the dark
@swavvyAlex thank the lord, text me bc I'm watching a scary movie alone in the dark and am kinda freaking out!
When the put on scary movie commercials and your laying in bed alone in the dark...:/
“ @kiimhein: mtv is all fun and games until your in a room alone in the dark and scary movie previews come on every 5 minutes” YEEES OMFG
OH MY and they put a scary movie on before they all left the room now I'm forced to sit here and watch it alone in the dark I'm gonna cry
Word of advice , don't watch a scary movie alone in the dark ! You'll be scared to walk around your own house
Oh is it Earth Hour? I thought that was yesterday? I mean I'm not watching a movie right now, I'm sitting alone in the dark..
Don't watch a scary movie home alone in the dark. Just don't.
I hate walking home alone in the dark after watching a scary movie :-(
Yeah... I'm just gonna watch a horror movie, and then I'll go to sleep. Alone. In the dark and all.
Scary movie night alone in the dark.
Scary movie! Scary movie! Alone. In the dark. Blankets. #justthewayilikeit
Why am I watching a scary movie when I'm going to the basement in 5 min to take out the laundry. Alone. In the dark.
movie marathon "ALONE IN THE DARK 2 " w/ @forgitchie and @_heidijean
@KennySeaman that movie 2 this day still creeps me the f out! i didnt see it til it came out on DVD, alone, in the dark, w/ surround sound.
so the Purge..not a great movie to watch alone, in the dark.
I hate when scary movie commercials come on when you are alone in the dark trying to sleep
@rosssdaboss @sherri_gabra lol omg Ross y u hatin a nig is bored in her room alone in the dark ok and yas the movie was excellent hi Sherri
I hate laying alone in the dark & a scary movie commerical wanna play swear I be ready to turn all the lights on .
call myself watching a scary movie...alone..in the dark... .. yeah someone will be receiving a call tonight. lmao
probably shouldn't be watching this movie alone in the dark
" @iLikeGirlsDaily: Describe your sex life in a movie title" alone in the dark
I hate when they show a scary movie trailer at nite n im alone in the dark in my room ..fuck that oculus movie
#nw The Conjuring. Probably not the best movie to watch alone in the dark
Why'm i watching a scary movie alone in the dark?
"Alone in the Dark" (1982) is an exceptional movie (B) #DallasCritic <n2zfr6>
Watching a movie alone in the dark.. this is the time I wish I had someone to cuddle with :/
“@xxmysticalbliss: Dude I hate being alone in the dark” especially after watching a scary movie
What makes this movie worse is I'm alone in the dark and I have a sound bar in bar room so it makes things 10x louder
wtf I hate when they show scary movie trailers when I'm alone in the dark
That moment when your alone in the dark and previews of a horror movie comes up...
The rest of my family is in the living room watching a movie together and I'm just sitting alone in the dark watching Netflix.
Jameni Kisumu kuna mambo!!! Lights went off mid movie .. Na we are alone ....in the dark...in the... http://fb.me/40gNVVAS7 
“@ItsMiyaTibble: Quote this with movie titles that sound like your sex life” alone in the dark
I'm in this darn movie room by myself! Alone in the dark and all I can think about is that scary ending to The Blair Witch Project!
When a scary movie commercial comes on when your alone in the dark in your room watching a movie
Scary movie previews coming on tv when I'm alone in the dark is not okay
Watching a scary movie alone in the dark right before bed, not the best choice I've ever made
I'm honestly scared watching this movie alone in the dark and I've seen it like 10 times already
Walking alone in the dark and thinking "this the part in the movie when....."
I'm about to take the biggest risk ever & watch a scary movie . alone . in the dark . I'm a bitch .
I hate when scary movie commercials come on & I'm all alone in the dark
Don't watch the movie Smiley alone in the dark
maybe I shouldn't watch this movie while all alone in the dark
Watching a scary movie alone in the dark
Feel like I'm in a scary movie when I'm walking to my car alone in the dark
dare myself to watch horror type of movie at this time alone in the dark and I ended up closing my eyes through the entire movie
Grave Encounters is an A+ recommended movie to watch alone in the dark
It's 2:30 in the morning and I'm stupid enough to be watching a scary movie alone in the dark.
Every time I walk outside alone in the dark, I feel like I'm in a zombie movie
I'm about to watch a scary ass movie, home alone, in the dark. If you know me, you'd know this is a big deal cause I'm a
Can't believe I'm sitting alone in the dark bawling to my laptop screen watching a fob movie #StartingOverAgain #theFEELS
@natalya_darby hahaha it's a great movie if you aren't watching it alone, in the dark, by yourself, at 11:30 at night
Watching The Purge alone in the dark during this power outage cause its the only movie on my laptop
I HATE WHEN SCARY MOVIE PREVIEWS COME ON WHEN IM ALONE IN THE DARK
The movie mama is creepy as fuck and I'm watching this shit alone in the dark
When you're alone in the dark and a scary movie preview comes on... i hate that shit .
The only way to watch a horror movie is alone, in the dark, at night, and with a lot of blankets!
I hate scary movie commercials. Especially when I'm home alone...in the dark.
I have a mini panic attack every time a scary movie commercial comes on when I'm alone in the dark in my basement
Nothing worse than sitting in your room alone in the dark and a scary movie commercial comes on
Ok you know what, watching this movie alone in the dark wasn't such a good idea o.0 #SilentHill
#forewarning don't watch the movie The Omen alone/in the dark/ever
There's nothing more scary than watching a scary movie trailer all alone in the dark ....
I'm about to watch a scary movie! Alone! In the dark! What the hell am I thinking #thisisgonnabeabadidea
I'm gonna watch a scary movie. Alone. In the dark. Wish me luck.
Someone just come sleep over or something cause im watching a scary movie alone in the dark...
Im soooooo fuckin bored... im just gunna watch a scary movie alone in the dark to scare the shit outta myself
of course. scary ass movie trailers while i'm alone in the dark.
Can you watch Horror movie alone in the dark room wit... — ALONE?? No way. I couldn't. I'd be too scared to watc... http://ask.fm/a/acnjqcal 
WALKING HOME ALONE IN THE DARK AFTER WATCHING A HORROR MOVIE IS NOT A WISE MOVE I THOUGHT I WAS GOING TO DIE IM STILL RECOVERING
fuck i just went to a movie night and we watched the woman in black and i was shitting myself and then i had to walk home alone in the dark
