username;date;retweets;favorites;text
Opinions on the movie The Master of Disguise:
The master of disguise is hands down the best movie I have ever seen
33. When I was 12, I went and saw The Master of Disguise in theaters. It was the first movie that I knew I didn't like bc it sucked.
I forgot how much I love the movie the master of disguise.
YO the turtle from The Master of Disguise movie can't spell for shit bruh https://twitter.com/OsamaTheSavage/status/672201063940931585 …
I just realized the movie The Master of Disguise did brown face :/ wtf
Jon thinks The Master of Disguise is a good movie. What do you guys think?
Another Movie Review From Betting On Wrestling: The Master of Disguise: A 2002 movie starring Dana Carvey. Also... http://fb.me/7GNGT5tax 
2nd movie ~The Master Of Disguise
Watching a horror movie with @jill_cervini Jill: "wait isn't that the guy from the turtle club in the Master of Disguise?"
The master of disguise only has 2 stars what the heck this is a great movie
#Film #Movie #FilmDiscussion - Does The Master of Disguise Deserve Cult Status? at http://ift.tt/1MV7tJY  http://ift.tt/1EO3Y0Y  for mo…
I'm watching The Master of Disguise and tbh I freaking think it's a great movie.
Found The Master of Disguise on Netflix and I forgot how funny this movie was
how great of a movie is the master of disguise?
watching the master of disguise on Netflix. OMG love this movie
The Master of Disguise and the SpongeBob movie is on Netflix!! My inner child is so happy
Just imagine the movie "The Master of Disguise" with Mr Furley playing the part of Pistachio's Uncle.
My Double Feature movie: The Master of Disguise #DoubleTheBenefits Contest: http://ycn.io/double  via @yconicstudent
If the master of disguise, isn't your favorite movie of all time, then fuck you
Fuck all of you, The Master of Disguise is a funny movie.
The master of disguise is such an underrated movie
The Master of Disguise is hands down the greatest movie of all time
I saw the movie the master of disguise three times in theaters
We're watching a scary movie for Halloween. The Master of Disguise
Hahaha the grandpa from the master of disguise is in the movie I have to watch for school. Wow. I didn't expect to recognize any actors
The Master of Disguise is my favorite movie and I have no idea why
Watching the master of disguise all time favorite movie
The master of disguise use to be my favorite movie as a kid
"The Master of Disguise" (2002) is a shit storm of a movie (F) #AhiMovieReviews <nwqgcg>
Dad where did I come from? Well son your mom and I were watching The Master of Disguise, and that movie is boring as shit.
If it wasn't so late I'd definitely watch The Master of Disguise. Such a great movie
The Master of Disguise is on tv right night. What a movie. Who's your daddy.
The master of disguise is the most awk yet funny movie ever lol
Why does no one talk about the Master of Disguise like this movie is a walking shitpost I love it
I don't know why but I used to love the movie "the master of disguise"
Last night I asked Armando to pick out what he thought was a great movie... He put on the Master of Disguise
MOVIE REVIEW | The Master of Disguise (2002) https://boredanddangerousblog.wordpress.com/2015/09/25/movie-review-the-master-of-disguise-2002/ …
does anyone actually remember the movie the master of disguise or did i dream that absolute trainwreck
THE MASTER OF DISGUISE IS SUCHA GOOD MOVIE , I watch it every night before I go to bed
Did you see the 2002 movie The Master of Disguise? Send us your questions for #Top5! pic.twitter.com/lx4NS26Ucs
Watching the movie the master of disguise right now and I'm SO HAPPY
The Master of Disguise RT @ReQCartier: Worst Movie You Have Ever Seen?
I'm watching the master of disguise!!!! Such a great movie!!!
The master of disguise this movie gets me weak af
Challenged my son to a viewing of the movie "The Master of Disguise"the other night. We both lost. :(
Whoever seen the movie "The Master of Disguise" is my bestfriend
The Master of Disguise is the kind of movie @shannondiannec1 and I would make
What's the worst movie ever? — Jack and Jill or The Master of Disguise. Manos: The Hands of Fate is another good ca… http://ask.fm/a/ceblaj65 
@dylansprouse the master of disguise the greatest movie of all time
"Am I too turtley, for the turtle club? Tuuurtle tuurtle " if I could be in any movie, it would be The Master Of Disguise.
"The Master of Disguise" (2002) is a fucking stupid movie (F) #AhiMovieReviews <nt7pva>
the master of disguise was that movie
@hdmiller18 the master of disguise is a classic. You just need to step up your movie game
The Master of Disguise was the funniest movie when i was grammar school
The Master of Disguise is a fucking masterpiece of a goddamn movie
@WomackChris @LeoZombie My favorite movie? The master of disguise I saw it when I was 11 in 2002
If you've seen the movie, The master of disguise, then I probably like you
The Master of disguise is my favorite movie ever.
#download & #watch The Master of Disguise (2002) http://dlvr.it/BlqLm4  #movie
My favorite italian movie is "The Master of Disguise". #1percentonrottentomatoes
Today in Movie History, 2002: The infamous "The Master of Disguise" released - http://www.wtvy.com/entertainment/4thdimension/headlines/turtleturtleturtleturtleturtleturtleturtleturtleturtleturtleturtleturtleturtleturtleturtleturtle-320424132.html … pic.twitter.com/ojiF0e1GWe
the master of disguise will forever be my fav movie
One time my friends tried to convince me that The Master of Disguise isn't the best movie ever made. Needless to say we're no longer friends
Movie Mix is now showing the one and only The Master of Disguise.
I'm watching The Master Of Disguise because I got'damn love this movie!
Just finished watching "The Master of Disguise" I love that movie
Noah's first movie home is The Master of Disguise & he can do all the voices perfectly still
I don't care what any film critics say, The Master of Disguise is the greatest movie I have ever seen.
Is it just me, or does Chiz Escudero totally look like the Turtle persona in the movie "The Master of Disguise"? pic.twitter.com/Bsrr6i5ixD
THE MASTER OF DISGUISE IS ON AMERICA'S NETFLIX I AM SO HAPPY OH MY GOD I LOVE THAT MOVIE
The Master of Disguise will forever be my goto movie at night
@fahking_barrels The Master of Disguise. Absolutely horrid movie but you'll laugh through it
my friend just made me watch the master of disguise and it's instantly my least favourite movie. it's just irredeemable garbage.
The Master of Disguise was literally my favorite movie as a child.
Watching the Master of Disguise w/ @danacarvey which still to this day is my favorite childhood movie ever #becomeanothapahson
What's the least funny comedy movie you've seen? — The Master of Disguise or Kung Phooey. Can't decide betw… https://retrospring.net/TheTuxJokes/a/364855 …
The master of disguise is such an under appreciated movie
Did you know that I wrote and directed the movie the master of disguise starting Dana carvey , you're welcome. #soevil #Badboy
@BlackNerd The Master of Disguise... that movie is like one solid 1 1/2 hour long cringe
Omg I just remembered the most epic movie ever…The Master of Disguise. I have to see if it’s on Youtube.
The Master of Disguise is such an underrated movie
JUST WATCH ME LYK U WATCH A MOVIE WIT A POP CORN.KEEP SHUT ND WATCH THE MASTER OF DISGUISE.
I don't care what everyone says, The Master of Disguise is a dope movie
the master of disguise is such s classic movie
@HDTGM Paul claims Secret of the Ooze is the worst kids movie. I see your TMNT2 and raise The Master of Disguise. Nothing is worse than that
The master of disguise is by far my favorite movie everrr
I had a dream last night that someone told me their favorite movie was "the Master of Disguise" and tried defending it
"The Master of Disguise" (2002) is a mindless movie (F) #DallasCritic <nqhbxo>
the master of disguise will always be the best movie
Hour 6: the master of disguise is the stupidest movie I've ever seen
The Master Of Disguise is the best movie ever
No movie will ever compare to The Master of Disguise
Oh. My. Gosh. The Master of Disguise is on TV right now. I HAVEN'T SEEN THIS MOVIE IN FOREVER.
The master of disguise will forever be my favorite movie
The Master of Disguise is probably my favorite movie ever! #who'syourdaddy
The master of disguise is on oh my god I haven't seen this movie in years
"The Master of Disguise" is such an underrated movie
damn, major throwback with the master of disguise movie
"Turrrtle! Turrrrtle!" - the Master of Disguise going to see the Entourage movie
lets be honest the turtle club scene is the only one we all remember from the master of disguise movie
Throwback to The Master of Disguise funniest movie
Dude the master of disguise movie is such a different experience now compared to when i was like 8 holy fuck
I've never seen the master of disguise all the way through but I still consider it a good movie bc I've seen the preview like 200 times
My mom hasn't been to the movie theater since The Master of Disguise came out so I brought her to see San Andreas
I can quote the whole movie the master of disguise
just watched "The Master of Disguise" probably the best movie hands down
The Master of disguise movie is secretly hilarious only 90s kids would know
The master of disguise is a grade a movie
The Master of Disguise was really an amusing movie :")
Oh 'The Master of Disguise'... when will another movie like it be made?
whenever i eat pistachios i think of the master of disguise movie
the master of disguise is my favorite movie ever
"The Master of Disguise" (2002) is a hateful movie (F) #AhiMovieReviews <noq6m8>
Watching The master of disguise....haven't seen this movie in a long time
The Master Of Disguise is a silly movie
#Movie The Master of Disguise (DVD, 2003) http://dlvr.it/9mjgGy  #Movies #DVD
@MissRBaller turtle turtle... That reminds me of the movie The Master of Disguise
The master of disguise is actually my favorite movie. "Am I not turtley enough for the turtle club"
Madmax looks like the worst movie since The Master of Disguise
The Master of Disguise Full Movie http://bit.ly/1z8HRVo  The Master of Disguise Full Movie http://youtu.be/8KImRikuuxU?a 
The Master of Disguise has to be the weirdest movie of all time
@VictoryDanceOfc Like the villain from the movie The Master Of Disguise.
I want to watch the movie The Master of Disguise. I miss it!
@hannland my favorite movie is The Master of Disguise!
@SethMacFarlane What is your view on the classic movie The Master of Disguise?
I can quote almost the entire movie of The Master Of Disguise
I can't believe that I'd forgotten how incredible the movie "The Master of Disguise" is #MyFriendsCallMeDubya
Watching The Master of Disguise for the first time! Hope this is a good movie. #TheMasterOfDisguise
How could we let THE MASTER OF DISGUISE ruin Dana Carvey, but not let every Kevin James movie ruin Kevin James?
so the movie "The Master of Disguise" was a Happy Madison Production.. never expected that in their catalogue
for reference: Battlefield Earth, The Master of Disguise, Jack & Jill, Movie 43, Catwoman, The Last Airbender all have better RT statistics
you know that movie "the master of disguise"? I've been secretly afraid of that movie since I was little and the trailer was on a VHS tape
Re-watching The Master of Disguise movie...it has been a long, long time....
The master of disguise is such a great movie
lol just seen @GovJVentura stealing the liberty Bell in the Movie The Master of disguise with @danacarvey and @BrentSpiner
I used to think the master of disguise was the funniest goddamn movie
Ok have you guys ever seen the movie The Master Of Disguise because if not, get your ass on Netflix right now because yes
the master of disguise !!! i used to love this movie
If you want to watch a funny movie on Netflix PLS WATCH THE MASTER OF DISGUISE!!!
The Master of Disguise has a 1% rating on rotten tomatoes. This is why I don't trust movie critics... pic.twitter.com/5CQJlW25cp
The Master of Disguise movie is filled with illuminati symbols
@danacarvey the master of disguise is my favorite movie ever
If you have seen the movie The Master of Disguise then you will know where my twitter name comes from
"The Master of Disguise" (2002) is a hideous movie (F) #ConamaraViews <nmd25b>
@Jasminemullinns @abigail__hopee @J_Martin_15 it's the master of disguise. It's a really funny movie. It's on netflix
I honestly feel like The Master of Disguise is a very underrated movie and it deserves more credit and publicity than it receives
The master of disguise is one funny ass movie
The Master of Disguise was my favorite movie way back when I'm so happy
Watching The Master of Disguise... Really funny movie
Honestly, The Master of Disguise is the best movie of all time.
“ @_Joe03: The master of disguise on Netflix! ” am I not Turtley enough for the turtle club? that movie cracks me up!
WAS THE MASTER OF DISGUISE NOT THE BEST MOVIE EVER MADE?!
I don't trust anyone who says the master of disguise was a bad movie
i want to buy the movie rights to the Master of Disguise
The master of disguise is vastly underrated and easily the best movie ever
The Master of Disguise is such a great movie if you feel like laughing or crying or both My father,your son.Holy canoli you're my sister!
The Master of Disguise used to be my favorite movie
No idea why but The Master of Disguise makes me laugh so much more than any other movie
the master of disguise is such an underrated movie
The Master of Disguise was the greatest movie ever
the oscars r trash can we all just agree that the master of disguise is the only movie that matters!! pic.twitter.com/d1YcrnW7qL
The master of disguise.. The movie that prompted love between @connor_tarter and myself 366 days ago. MEMZ
@LukeFriday95 @QueenObsessed atleast it's not the master of disguise (good movie)
The Master of Disguise.. Such a fantastic movie
Put on the master of disguise to fall asleep then forgot how much I loved this movie
“ @madsbrim: The Master of Disguise will forever be a great movie ” @lailazarkk
Am i the only kid who's favorite movie was the Master of Disguise bc no one i know knows what that is. It was my movie
The first thing I ever saw Dana Carvey in was the Master of Disguise and that movie is still such a classic
@jeriellsworth The Master Of Disguise with Dana Carvey. Underated movie. Snake scene is my favorite.
The Master of Disguise is such a dumb movie, but still so funny.
I forgot how great the movie, 'The Master of Disguise' was.
@JennifersWayJE my favorite Comedy movie was the master of disguise Dana Carvey make me laugh so hard I swear to god
The Master of Disguise was that movie
Watching my favorite movie of all time the master of disguise
The Master of Disguise i fuxkin love this movie!!
'Bossanova Supermarket' aired recently on FX during The Master of Disguise movie http://audiojungle.net/item/bossanova-supermarket/5500862 …
The Master of Disguise: the most underrated movie you most likely forgot about.
The Master of Disguise has to be the dumbest movie ever made.
“ @CRAVEsomeRAVE: the master of disguise is really my movie lol” thats really the title of your life lol
Call me what you will, but I think the movie the master of disguise is effing hilarious and a truly entertaining piece of cinema
The master of disguise is about to come on tv. When was the last time you saw that movie? Lol
Lol I was watching the master of disguise today, old ass movie
Lmao does anybody remember the movie The Master of Disguise?
The master of disguise is hands down the funniest movie ever made
The Master of Disguise is the most quotable movie. If you don't think so, let me appraise you; you're an idiot. A complete and total idiot!
The master of disguise,I still love this movie #Netflix #popcorn #wine #Tuesday
Watching The Master Of Disguise with Charissa and my dad :) haven't seen this movie in forever.
Gonna start tweeting #MoviesILoveThatGotHorribleRatings. Starting with a classic bad movie: The Master of Disguise.
The Master of Disguise love this movie. Never gets old
If the master of disguise Isn't a good movie then I don't know what is
WHO'S YOUR DADDY?! — Hahaha this made me think of that movie ~ The Master of Disguise http://ask.fm/a/bnaohffj 
the master of disguise is such an extra movie oh my goodness
the master of disguise will always be a classic movie
The Master of Disguise is the best movie ever.
Why can me and @corrigan_kelsey quote the master of disguise....the entire movie
If I was on an airplane and the in-flight movie was The Master of Disguise, I would walk out of the theater
The master of disguise is such a funny movie
The master of disguise this movie is sooooo comedy !
The master of disguise is such a good movie i haven't watched it in so long ao watching it again
"the only movie i remember emilee watching every day when she was little was the master of disguise"
The Master of Disguise is literally the greatest movie of all time!...
Jackie hasn't seen the master of disguise.... Welp I know what movie we're watching next
All time favorite movie is The Master of Disguise and I have zero shame
Remember when the trailers for "The Master Of Disguise" disguised it as a movie worth watching? That was some next level marketing!
The Master of Disguise used to be my fav movie
Johnny Depp is the master of disguise, he looks like a completely different person in every movie he's in
@ashnizzle @saamiaam_ the master of disguise used to be my favorite movie
Movie trivia quiz! Which drugs did Dana Carvey do on the set of The Master of Disguise? Correct answer: D) All of the above!
the master of disguise is the best movie ever point blank.
Of his work in The Master of Disguise, James Brolin said, “I wanted to make a movie I could watch with my son, Josh.” #TurtleClub
My favorite movie when I was young was The Master Of Disguise, just looked it up now and it has 1% on RottenTomatoes lmaooo
I haven't thought about that in many years, but just remembering The Master of Disguise made me think about it. That's how bad that movie is
Hey @911RESEARCHHUB you should know that tweet you faved was a comedic set up for me to say "The Master Of Disguise was a bad movie"
Remember the movie "the master of disguise"
The master of disguise is the dumbest movie I have ever seen. Who makes such films?
Can't believe the master of disguise is playing used to love this movie in primary school
“ @jillian_naab: I'm super tired but I really want to watch The Master of Disguise” that movie was so weird
The Master of Disguise movie makes me crave spaghetti-o's
@Pirategrayson That quote you said in the vlog was from The Master of Disguise one of my favorite parts of the movie(:
Am apreciat un videoclip pe @YouTube, http://youtu.be/sMQyNVglqVM?a  Bad Movie Drinking Game: Episode 5 - The Master of Disguise
If you have yet to see The Master of Disguise...you have NOT lived! FAVE MOVIE AS A CHILD! k bye
"The Master of Disguise" (2002) is a gruesome movie (F) #ConamaraViews <ngns0z>
THE MASTER OF DISGUISE IS ON NETFLIX EVERYONE FUCKING WATCH IT THIS MOVIE IS MY CHILDHOOD
Popcorn, hot chocolate, and "The Master of Disguise" movie night with my bestieeeee, @shxlby_camille
People that think The Master of Disguise is a bad movie just aren't turtley enough for the Turtle Club.
Now watching the master of disguise. Love this movie.
@Bethy1416 HAHAHAHAH It's from the Master of Disguise movie. It's 1000% relevant, I promise you XD
2. The Master of Disguise was my favorite movie as a child.
Movie time: gauna watch "The Master Of Disguise" then afterwards "Moulin Rouge" Santos: xoxo *Both Good Flicks* http://www.paramountpictures.com 
the master of disguise is my favourite movie of all time
I feel like I'm the only person who remembers the Master of Disguise movie from childhood
Oh the master of disguise what a good movie
Watching an old favorite movie . The Master of Disguise with @BrentSpiner. Don't care how bad it was still love it.
The master of disguise was honestly my favorite movie as a kid. I still love it man
I wasn't aware The Master of Disguise was a movie anyone liked let alone watched more than once... @ChelseyFrieders
The master of disguise is hands down the best movie I've seen, reminds me of my dad so much
Idk what The Master of Disguise has to do with humanities but it's easily the stupidest movie I've ever seen
@BitStrife Oh it's definitely bad. We just play bad movies while playing Guilty Gear. Current bad movie playing is The Master of Disguise.
The Master of Disguise is such a great movie.
@spliggle We used to do Crap Movie Monday. Mega Python vs Gatoroid. I Know Who Killed Me. Batman & Robin. The Master of Disguise. 2012
My favorite movie ever is the master of disguise and if anybody on my TL loves me they'll buy me a new dvd cuz my other one is lost lol
The master of disguise will always be my favorite movie
Watching the Master Of Disguise , this movie is too funny
When I was little I thought the master of disguise was a fantastic movie now it's awful oh my god
The Master Of Disguise will forever be my number one favorite movie
@thesixler Check out our drunken review Bad Movie Drinking Game: Episode 5 - The Master of Disguise…: http://youtu.be/sMQyNVglqVM 
The Master of Disguise is a terrific movie and if you disagree with me, you're wrong.
The only thing I remember from the Master of Disguise movie is the turtle club and "Ugh! My tight blue sweater!"
The master of disguise was the best movie ever created thank you @danacarvey
@ASchwab95 @KindaJesse Shuttle girl: "Whats your favorite movie?" Jewstain: THE MASTER OF DISGUISE Me mentally: Shindlers List
#Movie "The Master of Disguise" (2002) http://www.fulltv.tv/movies/the-master-of-disguise.html …
The master of disguise might be the most underrated movie of all time. #great
"The Master of Disguise" (2002) is a contender for this year's worst movie (F) #AhiMovieReviews <nec6gs>
Best movie to this day is still the master of disguise
The Master of Disguise is such a freaked movie
Put a clamp on your pastry hole! Watching The Master of Disguise on @netflix and that movie NEVER gets old. #StreamTeam
the master of disguise will always be that movie
@charley150937 haa haa yes he is the master of disguise. Glad you are feeling a bit better. I believe he is in Chicago filming his new movie
Watching the master of disguise because I haven't seen this movie in a grip
The master of disguise will forever be my favorite movie
The master of disguise was my favorite movie as a child and it's on netflix
You slap me,I slap you-Pistachio(The Master of Disguise)Anyone remember or knows this movie.If you haven't watch this it's hilarious.
The master of disguise movie is so random and dumb but hilarious
Every time I see the movie The Master of Disguise I think of @Marcelo_Cevalos
Dana Carvey basically hasn't been seen on screen since The Master of Disguise, which movie critics everywhere have described as "a movie"
The Master of Disguise is the best movie of all time, hands down.
I am off to remove desire from my heart forever - let me know if they ever make a movie better than The Master of Disguise
Hbo family : the master of disguise.. Rate Imdb only one and a half star, I watching pretty much lame movie though
"The Master of Disguise" (2002) is a shockingly dreadful movie (F) #ConamaraViews <ncs9ro>
@danacarvey just joined Netflix first movie put on 'The Master of Disguise' love it Dana Carvey is AWESOME xx
The excitement that me and my sister have right now because Netflix has the movie The Master of Disguise is unreal
The Master of Disguise is literally the cheesiest movie
The master of disguise is a quality ass movie
Forgot how stupid of a movie the master of disguise was lol
Can't believe Alex just said The Master of Disguise is an iconic movie
the master of disguise is such a good movie
Oh goodness I remember the Master of Disguise lol that movie was awful
The fact that the movie The Master of Disguise is on Netflix makes me so happy. #turtleturtle
The Master of Disguise is such an underrated movie
Friday #Film #Quiz - A famous movie about #filmmaking based on book "The Master of Disguise". Please re-tweet and let's see the response.
Watching my all time favorite movie, The Master of Disguise, with my favorite guy, @adhamby
The Master of Disguise is both the best an worst movie ever made I love it so much
The Master of Disguise is such a dumb movie yet I'm watching it...I also own it on DVD lol
Getting drunk, watching the master of disguise, and sending snapchats mocking the movie #imannoying #ohwell lol
"The Master of Disguise" (2002) is an utter junk pile of a movie (F) #ConamaraViews <nbhhgu>
The master of disguise will forever be my movie !
Watching The Master Of Disguise ( 1 Of My Fave Movie ) Somebody #Kik Me
Karina and I are watching the master of disguise bitches!! This movie is the shit!!!
The Master Of Disguise I loved this movie https://vine.co/v/hPJwEVJPZah 
"The Master of Disguise" (2002) is an awful movie (F) #DallasCritic <naur6x>
Turtle turtle #onlypartirememeber RT @iHeartBritBrat: NIGGA! The Master of Disguise is on Netflix. I haven't seen this movie in yearss lol.
I'm high AF laughing my ass off at this movie, the master of disguise haha
Watching the master of disguise. Its been so long, I forgot how hilarious this movie was! #tooturtleyfortheturtleclub #getthecheesebuttercup
The Master of Disguise is such a good movie
LOVE THIS MOVIE. The Master Of Disguise https://vine.co/v/hPJwEVJPZah 
“ @kaylaluckett: Very great decision to watch The Master of Disguise rn” I LOVE that movie
I wanted to watch a fantastic thought provoking movie tonight. Instead... I'm watching The Master of Disguise. Thanks @rachml_....
I like the @danacarvey movie Clean Slate. Yes, so sue. So unfollow me. I liked The Master of Disguise as a kid. Dana Carvey is awesome.
the master of disguise will forever and always be my favorite movie
@Stevie_Miller Ahaha if you need to watch "The Master of Disguise" it's a dumb, but good movie haha
Do any of you guys remember the movie The Master of Disguise?
The caption for my turtle picture was inspired from the master of disguise if you remember that movie
The master of disguise will forever be the funniest movie of all time
Watching a movie called "The Master of Disguise" for @thatsjustdandyy
Up watching The Master of Disguise with my brother. This use to be my fav movie i swear.
The master of disguise is probably my favorite movie
The Master of Disguise is the weirdest movie ever.
So I finally got to watch a movie I never saw in my childhood. The Master of Disguise. It's so bad I couldn't finish it. WOW.
Today in #Movie #History, 2002, The Master of Disguise released. What did you think of this Dana Carvey comedy? pic.twitter.com/5lDokF5lQy
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/B5NMlVYCfjU?a  The Harry Hill Movie The Master of Disguise
The only movie I can watch repeatedly and still die from laughter is " The Master Of Disguise "
ok the movie is over and my phone is charged now I'm watching the master of disguise
The master of disguise is the worst movie i have seen jfc (눈_눈)
If you haven't seen the master of disguise, then you should really get on that bc it's mah favorite movie & nothing will ever change that
•If you haven't seen the movie "The Master of Disguise" your childhood was never complete !! •
Watching The Master of Disguise bc it's the best movie ever
HAS ANYONE SEEN THE MOVIE THE MASTER OF DISGUISE PLS RESPONSE THIS IS SO IMPORTANT
Watching the master of disguise this a funny ass movie
Talking about The Master of Disguise: "That's pretty much the best movie ever made." - @ChaseMuir1 I couldn't agree more.
Forgot how good of a movie The Master of Disguise is
@haich__ reminds me of this ooold movie: the master of disguise. pic.twitter.com/QgOlZYypGK
@LizConklin926 shut up I know I am but the master of disguise is my fav movie
Movie night with the wee folk. Tonight calls for a #HappyMadison classic, The Master of Disguise!… http://ln.is/instagram.com/p/E8q76 …
I should have stopped talking to you the moment you told me you thought the Master of Disguise was a good movie.
The one movie that just gets my humor: The Master of Disguise #everyline #nevergetsold
@Bmarch63 did you name it The Master of Disguise? (based off the awful, underrated movie from 2002 starring Dana Carvey, btw...)
Has anyone seen the master of disguise? Because i swear its the best movie ever.
The Master of Disguise is seriously such a gem of a movie.
watching the Master of Disguise i love this movie so much
The master of disguise is a hilarious movie. All the laughs.
I think The Master of Disguise is my new favorite movie omg
@csigirl13 have you seen or heard of a movie called the master of disguise
The Master of Disguise will always be a go too for fambam movie night
My sister just referred to The Master of Disguise as an "old movie"...it came out in 2002
Most quoted movie in my house: The Master of Disguise
The Master of Disguise is still the funniest movie ever made.
The master of disguise was definitely a better movie when I was younger
lmao I'm watching The Master of Disguise and I can't belive how funny thus movie actually was.
The Master of Disguise is a fantastic movie xP
I also bought a movie pack that includes the Animal, benchwarmers, deuce bigalow, the house bunny, joe dirt, and the master of disguise :)
the master of disguise is the best movie of all time *kanye voice*
The master of disguise is a great movie!
Adam Silver looks like someone who belongs in a Austin Powers movie somewhere. or the Master of Disguise
" @LizMallen4: I haven't seen the master of disguise in so long" THAT'S MY FAVOURITE MOVIE!!!!
I will always love the movie The Master of Disguise
The Master of Disguise is like my childhood movie
I'm watching the master of disguise wow I forgot how much I loved this movie
the master of disguise is such a good movie
Now gonna watch a movie I haven't seen in a long time "The Master of Disguise" (2002), all I remember is it was funny
The master of disguise is my favorite movie of all time
why did I watch the master of disguise so much as a child it's the worst movie in existence
The master of disguise is one hell of a movie
The Master Of Disguise will forever be my favorite movie.
I love the Master of disguise. It's such a dumb movie
Everyone watch "The Master of Disguise" it's honestly the best movie on Netflix! It has the best ending ever!
The Master of Disguise is the best movie ever
@MALSTRXM hahaha watch the movie "the master of disguise" and you'll understand
Watching The Master of Disguise with the kiddos. This movie doe
Has anyone else ever seen The Master of Disguise? Me and my sister used to watch this movie ALL the time when we were younger
I want to be the master of disguise I want to be the master of disguise oh how I love that movie lmao #SelenaForMMVA
The master of disguise will always be a good movie
The master of disguise is on Netflix. I haven't seen this movie since 2nd grade
The Master of Disguise! Thee funniest movie ever? I'll let you know!
The Master Of Disguise this movie tho https://vine.co/v/hPJwEVJPZah 
The Master of Disguise has always been the type of movie where you're like this is so dumb I have to laugh at how dumb it is.
Do you know what movie did not age well? The Master of Disguise.
If you have never seen the movie 'The Master Of Disguise' you haven't lived.
The Master of Disguise = funniest movie ever
The master of disguise is such a funny movie
Quoting a line from The Master of Disguise to people who don't know the movie well enough to respond #heartbroken #scared #stressed #why
@jules1477 coneheads, nitro circus movie, the master of disguise the road bevis abd butt head do America
I'm watching the master of disguise, and I honestly don't remember what this movie is about
R.I.P.D. might be the most ridiculous movie I've ever seen, and I've seen Dana Carvey's The Master of Disguise.
@PoserCulture cuz I swear to the gods ur in the movie the master of disguise with @danacarvey
@danacarvey watching the master of disguise, very strange movie :)
@DukelyWieland actually Dana Carvey says it in The Master of Disguise aka the FUNNIEST movie ever XD
I forgot how much I loved the movie The Master Of Disguise!
I don't care what anybody says. The Master of Disguise is a hilarious movie
So... The Master of Disguise is currently on Movie Mix. I'm actually watching it to see how bad it is.
The Master of Disguise is a quality movie, how could I have forgotten about this absolute treasure
@leahgrace1987 @CMuncasterMusic @_katelyncarter must not be old enough to remember the master of disguise movie
If you don't think The Master of Disguise is the best movie ever made, you're wrong.
I hope there's in in flight movie. I hope it's The Master of Disguise.
“ @gracieannrob: The Master of Disguise is such a quotable movie.” @HotSamAndCheeze
I want to watch The Master of Disguise.. (Best movie ever)
forgot how weird the movie The Master of Disguise was
The Master of Disguise is such an underrated movie. #TooTurtelyForTheTurtleClub
New favorite movie: the master of disguise?!?! Yes
I love the movie The Master Of Disguise #classic
The Master of Disguise!!! My all-time favorite movie. Yay! #excited #nostalgia #movieday
What is your favorite movie? — The Master of Disguise http://ask.fm/a/ajm8o4ob 
" @ollaollu: Loved this movie! " @nichole__monroe: The Master Of Disguise https://vine.co/v/hPJwEVJPZah ""
I'm not sure which is the best awful movie ever made: Kangaroo Jack or the Master of Disguise.
Just re-watched The Master of Disguise. Anybody that says it's a shit movie be damned.
The Master of Disguise was a lot better movie when I was younger... #disappointed
The Master of Disguise is without a doubt the best movie of all time
If you have never seen the movie "The Master of Disguise" you are seriously missing out.
The Master Of Disguise is my all time favorite movie I think
The Master of Disguise will forever be my favorite movie.
I will always be down to watch The Master of Disguise. This movie has been my shit since childhood.
The master of disguise will always be my favorite movie
@jessicacarsonxo haha it's a line from a movie call "The Master of Disguise"
It took me until now to realize that @dylansprouse & @colesprouse are in the Master of Disguise movie... #SoLate
The Master of disguise was a good movie lol
I'm schmacked is the stupidest thing I ever attended to besides seeing the movie "the master of disguise" back in '03
I have to get up for an exam in 8 hours, good time to start watching a movie. (It's not The Master of Disguise, thankfully.)
"Don't watch the master of disguise. No no no, it was my favorite movie growing up too. Just don't. Don't watch it." -@mountevernot
tonights movie is the master of disguise lol
“ @vannlemons2603: I wonder if anyone knows the movie I've been quoting?” The Master of Disguise
The Master of Disguise will always be the greatest movie ever
Currently watching The Master of Disguise with @reneethompsonn. Quality movie.
The Master of Disguise starts 19:15 on Movie Mix - #feersum #tv @MKCraigCollins @Mrbailey1980
The Master Of Disguise funniest part of the whole movie https://vine.co/v/hPJwEVJPZah 
Omg! Netflix has the movie The Master of Disguise
The master of disguise is a movie filled with terrible acting. A just horribly made film. But that's why it's the best movie ever!
Hands down most underrated movie is The Master of Disguise
“@DropThat_ASHHH: the master of disguise never gets old hahahaha” favorite movie ever
One of our favourite clips in a movie.. TUURTTLLE The Master of Disguise - Turtle Club Scene: http://youtu.be/ezAJeaCySV4 
“ @KRob_25: That movie Anger Management geeks me ” better than the master of disguise @SteigySteigs24
the master of disguise is on netflix . This was me & liynaa movie back in the day .
The Master of Disguise is the greatest movie known to man.
The Master of Disguise will always be a funny ass movie.
@sassiestmormon the master of disguise. Even my dad (whose favorite movie is dumb & dumber) thinks this movie is stupid haha
I just started thinking about the movie The Master of Disguise.
The Master of Disguise is my all time favorite movie
The Master of Disguise is a damn good movie...
im watching the master of disguise this movie is my childhood omfg
I love when cinemax plays movies like " The master of disguise". That movie has got to be in my top ten funniest movies
The Master of Disguise. Funny movie since I was a kid. :D
They have the master of disguise on netflix omh I used to watch this movie on repeat until I was passed out on the floor
The Master Of Disguise, great movie, always give me a good laugh #Netflix
The Master of disguise is so funny, I love this movie
Why did I just randomly think of the movie the master of disguise
Watching the Master of Disguise for the first time.. Kenan just made the movie worthwhile hahaha
The master of disguise is such a funny movie idc what anyone says #dying #nevergetsold
Was the master of disguise a good movie?
Watching a classic movie, The Master of Disguise, with some great people. #goodtimes
“@DwightDiesel9: Watching the Master of Disguise. who remembers this movie?” Am I not turtle enough for your turtle club? TURTLE!!
The master of disguise will forever be my favorite movie
Does anyone remember that movie The Master of Disguise ? That movie was so rad.
Why was I not told that "The Master of Disguise" was considered a bad movie? That shit's pretty much my childhood in a nutshell.
@KinseyMarie_13 @TheMichaelFink I want to watch The Master of Disguise! We need a cousin movie marathon!
if he rly was the master of disguise why couldnt he get into the turtle club ban this movie from further feeding lies to my babies
@theclumsybunny You lost me at "The Master of Disguise". May have been the worst movie ever. The only good thing about it was @Maria_CB.
I didn't know they had the master of disguise on Netflix that's a funny movie lol
Im going to be the master of disguise .... turtle turtle ...best two parts of the movie
The master of disguise forgot about that movie
The Master of Disguise will always be the BEST movie
Watching The Master of Disguise. I don't remember this movie being so stupid
What movie that has a reputation for being bad deserv... — The Master of Disguise, unfortunately, is remembered ... http://ask.fm/a/ae2pl2om 
The Master of Disguise is a hilarious movie
The Master of Disguise, haha. I forgot how funny this movie was.
never really knew how much the Master of Disguise was an illuminati movie.
@catherinecalles Um no...and okay! Well there is Happy Gilmore (most hilarious movie ever), The Master of Disguise (weird but funny)~
The Master of Disguise is the best movie created
Going to bed watching "The Master of Disguise" it's a memory movie
REMEMBER THAT MOVIE "THE MASTER OF DISGUISE" OH MY GOD
The Master of Disguise will always be my favorite movie
the master of disguise is such a good movie
@sorry_imnotsARI he said "my favorite movie is the master of disguise" I said "watta flix!"
The master of disguise will always be a great movie
For a brief period of time in third grade my favorite movie was The Master of Disguise. That's my greatest shame. I am so sorry.
"The Master of Disguise" has to be the worst movie ever made...
At home resting with Kels. Watching the greatest love story/movie ever. The Master of Disguise!
Watching my favorite movie the master of disguise
@DepressedDarth I think that one is close to being worst movie ever, but I suggest "The Master of Disguise (2002)" might be worse. :D
The movie The Master of Disguise NEVER gets old
My knee hurts so much, it's worse than the Master of Disguise movie
The master of disguise is the best movie ever!! #wishicouldbeamaster
how come two of my ex-boyfriends think the Master of Disguise is a good movie
THE MASTER OF DISGUISE IS THE BEST MOVIE IF U DISAGREE I H8 U im jk BUT I LOVE IT
“ @trippybehe: “@Verdict_PcY: the greatest movie is the master of disguise” no paid in full is.” Wayne's world 1
Anybody remember the movie 'The Master of Disguise"? Good shit.
LMFAO @ the master of disguise movie I'm weak
the master of disguise has to be the worst movie i've ever seen
" @junghorseok: i can't believe ari and her family share the same passion for the master of disguise as mine" omigod that movie I m
The Master of disguise is the funniest movie I swear
It makes me sad that nobody else likes the movie the master of disguise as much as I do
The Master of Disguise is funny, but it's actually pretty stupid. It is a kids movie, but not the best. Three stars, tops.
boutta watch "The Master of Disguise" quite possibly the worst movie ever
The master of disguise is officially the best movie of all time! Pistachio you crack me up!
I'm stuck with The Master of Disguise while waiting, such an old movie. #Reminisce #Cinemax
I used 2 love the movie "The Master of Disguise!!"
The master of disguise is my favorite movie of all time.
I refuse to believe that The Master of Disguise is anything less than a phenomenal movie.
@WalkiFlockiFire the master of disguise, greatest movie ever
“ @anthony_quinton: The Master of Disguise was my favorite movie for the longest time. ” @HaleyElliott2 @Morgannn_Rosee
The Master of Disguise is such a great movie.
The Master of Disguise is definitely my favorite movie
The master of disguise is a classic movie
I seriously love the movie the master of disguise
The Master of Disguise receieved a 1% on Rotten Tomatoes. Everyone hated it. Except me. I love this movie. And I always will.
Lmfao The Master of Disguise this movie has me dying pic.twitter.com/sYsKv1Krbg
Watching The Master of Disguise and I literally haven't seen this movie in several years
The Master of Disguise is such a terrible movie....
im watching the master of disguise this was my favorite movie when i was little omg
The Master of Disguise is my shit. That movie is hilarious.
The Master of Disguise is probs the strangest movie to ever exist
@Angelwuner lol like the guy from the movie The Master Of Disguise he like "Turtle turtle " if u seen the movie youll get It XD
@danacarvey I saw you in the movie The Master of Disguise, you're very, very funny and if I see the movie again I would laugh, you're great!
The master of disguise is the absolute best movie ever
"The Master of Disguise" (2002) is a loathsome movie (F) #AhiMovieReviews n16kgd
hellllllsyea #funny RT @xht58 The Master of Disguise is a trippy movie
The Master of Disguise is the most epic movie concept to date #mansizedmeatballs
The Master of Disguise. I'm pretty sure it's the worst movie ever made. But I can't stop watching it... @PrettyMuchIt
Watching the master of disguise :) I was so obsessed with this movie when I was younger lol
Watching the Master of Disguise because it's Valentines Day and I love this movie.
The Master of Disguise used to be Derek, Nini, & I's FAVORITE MOVIE & WE ARE RELIVING OUR CHILDHOOD RN
The Master of Disguise is a great movie
“ @michaelaaaaa_C: The master of disguise is in netflix omg ” LOVE THAT MOVIE!!! Hahaha
Its like the dude off the master of disguise is my professor. I'm in a movie.
Watching The Master of Disguise, oh how I love this movie...even as an adult
“ @DrunkennMonkeyy: If anybody loves me they would buy me The Master Of Disguise dvd ” Lol I loved that movie
The master of disguise! Best movie ever!
The Master of Disguise is quite possibly the most educational movie ever #WhosYourDaddy
The Master of Disguise is really like the best movie ever.
“ @caroline_morsee: Snapchat me please. Taylors torturing me with this movie.” CAROLINE THE MASTER OF DISGUISE IS THE BEST MOVIE EVER WTF
making Caroline watch The Master of Disguise so she can understand me whenever I quote the movie
@PrettyMuchIt just finished watching The Master of Disguise. The movie was atrocious but the commentary was great
Watching The Master of Disguise because I don't need a reason to watch this amazing movie
The Master of Disguise used to be my favorite movie when I was a kid. Now I get to see @PrettyMuchIt rip on it. Best. Day. Ever.
#BadBrodway The Master Of Disguise.. oh wait that was a movie...
Watching the master of disguise! Loved this movie when I was younger!
"I'm going to be the master of disguise." LOVE this movie.
@Stewart_megannn @Michael5SOS the master of disguise great movie so funny so have you seen all the avenger movies?
The Master of Disguise is on Netflix. I don't know how one movie can always put me in an incredible mood.
The Master Of Disguise is the best movie haha
I've always loved The Master of Disguise, best childhood movie.
The Master of Disguise! I haven't seen this movie in so long so funny
Haha the Master of Disguise is the movie of the night
I want to get a dog and name it "The Sweetness" because the Master of Disguise is like the best movie ever.
The Master of Disguise is a classic movie
The Master of Disguise is on Netflix. I love this movie.
The master of disguise is still a great movie!
I forgot how much I love the movie the master of disguise
The master of disguise might just be the worst movie ever made Tf was I thinking
Has anyone ever seen The Master of Disguise cause I was obsessed with that movie as a kid #pistachio
What are the best and worst movie character names? How about "Pistachio Disguisey" from The Master of Disguise? http://bit.ly/1esBHil 
thank you netflix for reuniting me with my long lost favorite movie ever, the master of disguise
Watching The Master of Disguise lmfao this movie will never get old
Watching the Master of Disguise. This movie is ridiculous
my world politics professor looks like this guy from the master of disguise movie pic.twitter.com/e1nbyAgPRz
Watching The Master Of Disguise for the first time since I was little and I almost forgot how funny this movie is
In case anyone was wondering... The Master of Disguise is "Ben and Gant's awesome movie"
The master of disguise is actually a really good movie.
I love the movie The Master Of Disguise
The Master of Disguise is such a terrible movie, which is exactly why I'm so excited that it's on Netflix.
the master of disguise is such a funny movie
I totally forgot how good of a movie The Master Of Disguise is.
The movie "The Master Of Disguise" is really about the illuminati fr bro it's crazy
The Master of Disguise use to be my favorite movie back in the day
The Master of Disguise is definitely my all time favorite movie.
I love the master of disguise this movie never gets old
Omg, The Master of Disguise is on Netflix. I used to LOVE this movie
The master of disguise or the goofy movie..? #ChildhoodMovies
If you ever get the chance to watch "The Master of Disguise" movie, don't. It's terrible.
The master of disguise is a hilarious movie, good night
@RasuBagans @Zak_Bagans reminds me of the movie" The master of disguise".."Am I not turtley enough?..turtle turtle"...lol
The master of disguise is the greatest movie of all time no contest
Pineapple coconut overnight oats! while watching The Master Of Disguise it's been a throwback movie… http://instagram.com/p/i1lzVRpK7Z/ 
Watching 'The Master of Disguise' lmao forgot how funny this movie is
watching the master of disguise bc this used to be my favorite movie growing up
The master of disguise is the best movie ever
The Master of Disguise Who remembers that movie? I used to love that movie
the master of disguise is a fucking fantastic movie
The Master of Disguise is the best movie
Shout out to @SamsonIsSexy and Luke for being bros and coming to watch the master of disguise. (Worst movie every)
The master of disguise is one funny fucking movie
The Master of Disguise is such a hilarious movie!! It'll never get old
watching "The Master of Disguise " this my movie forreal.
“@MaggieScottt: Watching the master of disguise ” favorite movie ever
Watching the Master of Disguise now! Gosh, its been such a movie night. #movienumberthree
watching the Master of Disguise haven't seen this movie in a minute
One time someone broke into our trailer house and stole our movie The Master of Disguise... Seriously. They did take a few other things too.
It's official, the master of disguise is the funniest movie ever.
Watching the master of disguise. I love this movie
Me brother got me the Master of Disguise best movie ever
After almost a lifetime of looking I finally got "The Master of Disguise"! This is the best movie EVER! http://instagram.com/p/iU9wjvjxBF/ 
The Master of Disguise is such a stupid movie. I've loved it since I was 12.
Desiree just reminded me that The Master of Disguise is my all time favorite movie
Watching the master of disguise. This movie is so dumb but it's so funny.
The Master of Disguise is such a weird and funny movie
The Master of Disguise, the movie, was released in this day |http://www.phronzs.com/?simple=20826&amp;ocorr=The+Master+of+Disguise …
@NiallOfficial you should watch the master of disguise! Great movie:)
Just finished Holes now watching The Master Of Disguise. What a solid movie line up
The master of disguise... that's what that movie was called. I couldn't remember to save my life
I just remembered that the master of disguise is my favorite movie of all time
The Master Of Disguise my movie!!! https://vine.co/v/hPJwEVJPZah 
I never trust rotten tomatoes bc they gave The Master of Disguise a 1% and that was a damn good movie
The movie The Master of Disguise makes me laugh every time.
The Master Of Disguise haha omg I lovee this movie haven't seen it in so long! Momma and I quoted it a lot https://vine.co/v/hPJwEVJPZah 
The movie " the master of disguise" never fails to make me laugh #comedygold
Watching the master of disguise! Lol I love this movie
Movie Time! Watching The Master Of Disguise With @Zane_Malik & Mum
The Master of Disguise. The Wild Thornberry's Movie. Shrek 2. My roommates and I are 5.
Movie of the: Master of Disguise #movieofthenight
#nw The Master of Disguise! Fave movie!
The master of disguise is the funniest movie ever
The Master of disguise movie will always make me laugh #amitoturtelyfortheturtleclub
Taking another one of Justen's movie-virginities. The Master Of Disguise!
I'm going to be the master of disguise I'm going to be the master of disguise lmao I LOVE THIS MOVIE
The Master of disguise is the movie lol
Loveeee that movie!! “ @__JustKeke: OMFG!! Netflix have The Master of Disguise!! I haven't saw this movie since I was little! ”
I totally forgot how racist The Master of Disguise was. Still live the movie though
The master of disguise is such a weird movie but I love it
The Master of Disguise will forever be a favorite movie of mine.
I don't care how childish the movie is I will always watch The Master of Disguise and laugh hysterically through the whole movie. #child
" @chlshwrd: The Master of Disguise is the best stupid movie" dumb & dumber
Explain time why the master of disguise was my brothers and I favorite movie growing up? Lol
I'm watching the Master of Disguise. I freaking love this movie.
The Master of Disguise is possibly one of the worst/funniest movies ever made. I enjoy it even though it’s a terrible movie. Haha.
This white man told me the master of disguise is the best movie to watch when your stoned lmao
Why do i find the master of disguise movie funny right now!? Lol
Nw -The Master of disguise, I love this movie
The movie "the master of disguise" will always be a top favorite of mine
The master of disguise on. I used to love that movie. TURTLE TURTLE - ctfu.
The Master of Disguise will forever be my favorite movie #sofunny
What's your favorite movie? Miley Cyrus #TIMEPOY — Idrk. the master of disguise. http://ask.fm/a/a2p98ndb 
Fav movie ? — I have so many but I really love the master of disguise http://ask.fm/a/a315kdjm 
“ @DerekDuncan11: The master of disguise>> #greatcomedymovie” By far my most favorite movie ever! I know every word I've seen it so much lol
Why do I love the movie The Master of Disguise so much?
I think we can all agree that The Master of Disguise is the worst movie ever created.
Movie after movie after..now,The Master Of Disguise haha cter mcm ape je
If you are acquainted with the movie The Master of Disguise you are awesome
Does anyone have the movie The Master of Disguise ? I want to watch it haha
The master of disguise is like my favorite movie ever
The Master of Disguise will always be a great movie in my opinion
“ @BiggQ12: The Master Of Disguise https://vine.co/v/hPJwEVJPZah ” I love this movie
The Master of Disguise basically made me who I am today. I subconsciously quote this movie too much. #whatismylife
The Master of Disguise is such a hilarious movie
Which movie is the worst: Napoleon Dynamite, The Master of Disguise, or Twilight?
Whenever someone messages me via the profile of somebody else, I instantly think of that movie 'The Master Of Disguise'. LOL!
The Master of Disguise on Netflix sucks so bad. And the actual movie hasn't even started yet. Great pick, Derek.
Bout to watch The Master Of Disguise on Netflix. I almost forgot about this movie. It's a hidden gem in the movie world.
My favorite movie is The Master of Disguise! "Turtle! Turtle!"
The cheetah girls in the Master of Disguise movie... #WIN
Can we please a take a moment to remember that movie the Master of Disguise
The Master of Disguise "she could be a good wife for you!" "" best movie ever https://vine.co/v/hUXKYPOQ5YH 
the master of disguise is the best movie on Netflix
The master of disguise is on Netflix my life is made. My favorite childhood movie, so I'm makin my little brother watch it with me.
When I was little, I was convinced that The Master of Disguise was the single funniest movie ever
The Master of Disguise is the worst movie I've ever seen yet it's so funny lmfao
The movie the master of disguise is about illuminati and how things happen secretly.. Woah
If you've never seen the movie the master of disguise, then i feel bad for you
Watching the Master of Disguise. I love this corny movie!
" @JaeRena96: If you haven't seen the master of disguise you've never lived" THAT'S MY FAVORITE MOVIE.
Lol! Not "I SLAP" tho! From that movie The Master of Disguise! She so Random! Love My MOM pic.twitter.com/IZFsSqCg1U
What is your all time favorite comedy movie? — The Master of Disguise http://ask.fm/a/9pp150qa 
the master of disguise is an awesome movie and I don't care what anyone says
"Dude this is my f*cking favorite god damn movie" -- Facebook comment making me laugh out loud in public, re: "The Master of Disguise"
I haven't watched The Master of Disguise in years. Used to be my favorite movie
The Master of disguise is such a great movie
The master of disguise movie is the funniest movie i've ever seen
Alone in my bed on this fine Saturday evening watching The Master of Disguise, possibly THE most underrated movie of all time. Don't hate it
The Master of Disguise is such an outrageous movie, and that is why I love it so much.
@danacarvey make "The Master Of Disguise 2"!!!!!!!!!!!I already added the first movie on my Christmas wish list!
Watching the Master of Disguise lmaoo my movie>>>
The master of disguise, great movie!! #awesome #hilarious
What's your favorite movie? — oh gosh. I love moviesss...um The Master Of Disguise Beverly Hills White Ninja Spo... http://ask.fm/a/a0ha6dfe 
The master of disguise is by far the most hilarious movie of all time
Watching the master of disguise. Haven't seen this movie since God knows when.
I like the master of disguise. Good fricken movie
I need a movie night soon. And The Master of Disguise will be included
does anyone remember that movie the master of disguise? that was a good one
It's from a movie ! The master of disguise ! You're k... — OMG JARED IVE NEVER SEEN IT BEAUSE YOU NEVER SHOW ME ... http://ask.fm/a/9qoonlkh 
The Master Of Disguise is such an undervalued movie
" @ZydecoAllStar: The master of disguise lol" That's my movie
@steve_showers chooses The Master of Disguise for movie night... #turtleturtle
Boutta watch my favorite childhood movie, The Master of Disguise
The master of disguise is the funniest movie of all time
Just watched the master of disguise best movie ever guys
I wanna just remind people of the movie The Master Of Disguise still exists.
The master of disguise will forever be my favorite movie!
no matter how old I get the master of disguise will always be my favorite movie.
"The Master of Disguise" movie night with Sass, kt, and Molly! it could not get any better than this
Watching the master of disguise I forgot how funny this movie was
Idc the master of disguise is pretty much the greatest movie created
The Master of Disguise probably the best movie ever
Watching The Master of Disguise with my babe and she tells me not quote the whole movie so I'm trying
The Master of Disguise. Omg I haven't seen this movie in years
“ @hannah_warden4: I never thought the master of disguise was funny until now.....it hilarious ” love that movie!!
#The_master_of_Disguise @NtvKenya luv that movie,,sinc i waz yung' #np its been a while... Fyti #NtvLateNightMovie #Ntv
Watching The Master of Disguise, this movie is too funny.
The Master of Disguise is the greatest movie ever made and anyone who disagrees is probably a fascist.
Photo: I’m watching The Master of Disguise “Movie time with Shayde” Check-in to The Master of Disguise on... http://tmblr.co/Z_NdUxyD08TM 
The Master of Disguise has to be the greatest movie ever!
The Master of Disguise is the funniest movie ever #NW
I'm 23 and I still think the movie, The Master of Disguise is absolutely hilarious. Turtle Turtle Turtle pic.twitter.com/tUPCtotHCW
Bad Movie Drinking Game: Episode 5 - The Master of Disguise: http://youtu.be/sMQyNVglqVM  via @youtube
The Master of Disguise was a horrible movie except for Dana Carvey
AH. The actor/comedian Dana Carvey from MY FAVORITE MOVIE EVER The Master Of Disguise is following me! My whole year is made.
The master of disguise will always be my movie
the master of disguise is on, ahh love that movie
The Master of Disguise is an awesome movie!! #
The Master of Disguise is on and all I can think of is my improv class and now I don't think that this movie is as terrible as I thought
The master of disguise is on! Lmao this movie is hilarious
The Master of Disguise is on FX right now. Haven't seen this movie in a minute #Classic #TurtleTurtle
@danacarvey The Master of Disguise is on in 50 minutes. Honestly doubt that this movie would be funny with out Dana Carvey.
“ @ItsReginaG: Mean girls is the most quotable movie ever.” Lies. The Master of Disguise!
Never thought farting in a movie could be so funny. Watch The Master of Disguise
@danacarvey Watching the Master of Disguise :) Love this movie :)
The master of disguise is actually such a funny movie. Its waaaaaaaay under rated
The master of disguise is such a prime movie
The Master of Disguise is the fucken stupidest movie ever, I want to stab whoever made this movie
The Master of Disguise is on this used to be my favorite movie
The master of disguise was just on ..... I love that movie #goodoledays #hilarious
I don't know how I could've possibly liked the master of disguise as a kid that movie is beyond terrible
The Master of Disguise is such a funny movie
The master of disguise will always be a funny movie
Watching The Master Of Disguise, GREAT MOVIE!!!!!
The Master of Disguise is still an awesome movie.
The Master of Disguise is on FX and I feel as though I'm being reunited with my childhood. Used to quote this movie aw day.
The Master Of Disguise is on tv!! My favorite movie
Omg the master of disguise is on I used to love this movie #throwback
Oh my goodness. The Master of Disguise. When was the last time I saw this movie? 2nd grade? Wow. #thismovieisweird #whowrotethisscript
The master of disguise is on, I love this movie!!!
I Really Like The Master Of Disguise lol this movie so funny
@Kt_Washburn the master of disguise is on tv right now ...lol remember we went to this movie for one of our bdays
Haha comeup the master of disguise just came on. Haven't seen this movie in years
The Master of Disguise is probably the beat movie ever made
I feel like the movie that accurately portrays how weird I am is the master of disguise
The worst made movie that I've seen the most number of times is probably "The Master Of Disguise." I love it! #BecomeAnotherPerson
About to watch the master of disguise @Maria_CB all my friends freaked out, we love this movie! pic.twitter.com/U3qSt0pypU
How do I spend my Sunday evening? Watching the master of disguise, funniest movie ever
Watching the movie the master of disguise
The Master of Disguise is my favorite movie in the whole entire world
I don't care what rotten tomatoes says the master of disguise is an awesome movie!
I swear the Illuminati symbol is all over tha place in the movie "The Master Of Disguise" #Crazy #GoLook
The Master of Disguise was my movie!! lol
The master of disguise , lmfao #funny movie
Watching the master of disguise because I haven't seen this movie since I was little
I know every worddd. RT @_LaGera The Master of Disguise used to be my movie for real.
“@_LaGera: The Master of Disguise used to be my movie for real.”
the master of disguise if quite possibly the dumbest movie I have ever seen
The Master of Disguise is my all time favorite movie
What is your all time favorite comedy movie? — The master of disguise!!! http://ask.fm/a/702gqln7 
the master of disguise was my all time FAVOURITE movie as a little kid that kind of explains why i turned out this way
@uhreefer I was just thinking about that movie right now! "I'm going to be the master of disguise" LOL
Movie night with Mommy: The Frighteners and The Master of Disguise. Really nice night!
The master of disguise is a goooood movie cx
BATS sponsors today's STA Conference lunch speaker Tony Mendez, author of The Master of Disguise, basis for the movie Argo.
When life gives you lemons, just say “screw it” and watch the Master of Disguise instead. Greatest movie of all time.
The Master of Disguise should have won an Emmy, I can literally quote the whole movie
" @razak_alli: Ozil ba? " @Mobolaji_Breeze: The master of disguise"" lool ode na movie
I forgot how funny The Master of Disguise was. Such a good movie!
@kaIeidoscopic @iansomerhalder @danacarvey he plays the master of disguise in the movie The Master of Disguise. He's a comedian/actor.
Just randomly remembered how much I used to love the movie The Master Of Disguise!
The master of disguise will always be a great movie!
What your fvrt movie ? — The Master of Disguise hbu http://ask.fm/a/6j309gjj 
Ohmahgawd! Gonna watch The Master of Disguise. (: Haven't seen this movie in forever!..
The Master of Disguise. Love this movie.
@MissConduct24 The Master of Disguise by Antonio Mendez, the man the movie 'Argo' was based on. Can't put it down! http://www.barnesandnoble.com/w/the-master-of-disguise-antonio-j-mendez/1111397789?ean=9780061865305 …
The Master Of Disguise is such a funny movie
Fav movie — I have several actually... White Chicks, Dreamgirls, Hairspray (newest one), The Master of Disguise,... http://ask.fm/a/67hk9h1k 
The movie "The Master of Disguise" taught me everything I ever wanted to know about being a detective.
THE MASTER OF DISGUISE IS ON TV THIS USED TO BE MY FAVOURITE MOVIE
Watching the master of disguise... Weirdest fuckin movie ever #turtleturtle
"alexa what movie is the 'turtle turtle' scene from?" my cousin texts me for the most bizarre reasons. it was frm the master of disguise btw
#download & #watch The Master of Disguise (2002) http://dlvr.it/3xNNpf  #movie
The Master Of Disguise that movie was awesome i really loved it. ( @YouTube http://youtu.be/lOJ5wKnd1ao?a )
@MichaelisPurdy we should sooooo watch The Master of Disguise for the next movie night. Just sayin.
“ @MelissaCooper22: Watching the master of disguise ” LOVE that movie
Lol I just remembered the movie "The Master of Disguise"
The Master of Disguise is probably my all time favorite movie
Why do I have this sudden urge to re-watch The Master of Disguise movie? #memories #goodtimes #nostalgic
the master of disguise is such a good movie
For the past 3 years I've been questioning whether or not "The Master of Disguise" was an actual movie or a movie I had vividly dreamt about
@wbpictures #Argo is a perfect movie adaptation of the original book from Tony Mendez: "The Master of Disguise." Ever so incredibly faithful
Before we lose control, let's take a moment to remember the 2002 blockbuster movie, The Master of Disguise. Guys, we let this happen.
I wanna be the master of disguise . I wanna be the master of disguise .. I love this movie.!!
Anyone remember The Master of Disguise? What a horrible movie that was.
Mulingar's fans. You guys are so lucky. Niall will watch the movie with you guys. He's the master of disguise haha as you known haha
Remember the movie the master of disguise? That shit was funny
Great movie : The master of disguise
Lmao Maeghan texts me quotes from the master of disguise. And so far that's been our entire conversation.Just quoting the movie #sisterhood
he's the master of disguise, and you may never recognize. my favourite movie when i was little whats #themasteofdisguise
Lmao, omg I have to watch "The Master of Disguise". This is really my movie
Watching the master of disguise... Totally forgot about how much I love this movie!
The master of disguise will always be my favorite movie #danacarvey
the master of disguise has to be my favorite movie of all time and I think that says a lot about my personality
@sf1nley it's after the main character of the movie The Master of Disguise. #classic
Guy Pearce is the master of disguise, you would see him in a movie and not realize it is him
The Master of Disguise used to be my movie. Sigh...Good Times
What's your favorite funny movie? — White chicks, or the master of disguise. :p http://ask.fm/a/5n0ga69b 
The Master of Disguise has always been the funniest & my favorite movie, but watching it high brings funny to a whole new level
No way The Master Of Disguise is on haven't seen this movie in soooooo long
Watching "The Master of Disguise" I love this movie:)
the master of disguise will always be a funny movie
The master of disguise will forever be my favorite movie.
I think "THE MASTER OF DISGUISE" the funniest movie ever
Watching The Master of Disguise...I love this movie so much. #turtle
The Master of Disguise will never get old. Love this movie #sofunny
Watching the master of disguise who remembers this movie I do tbt
“ @whit_broussard: does anyone else remember the movie the master of disguise? #oldfav” @maddiewoff
HAS ANYONE WATCHED THE MASTER OF DISGUISE BEFORE I LOVE THAT MOVIE
There's a guy on the metro that looks like the bald guy from The Master of Disguise movie when he tries to get into the turtle club
The Master of Disguise is my all time favorite movie <3
Guys The Master of Disguise is still the funniest movie ever.
What is your favorite movie soundtrack? — The Master of Disguise http://ask.fm/a/5inogdai 
I probably know "The Master of Disguise" better than any other movie and this is my sad fact of the day
has anybody seen the master of disguise? i used to be able to recite that movie.
I don't care what rotten tomatoes says. THE MASTER OF DISGUISE IS A GREAT MOVIE.
@danacarvey Just watched The Master of Disguise today. Couldn't help but laugh the whole way through the movie #hahaha
Everytime I see or talk about a turtle I always think of the guy from the movie the master of disguise yelling "TURTLE." #IsThatWeird
The master of disguise is the stupidest but funniest movie at the same time
Omg turtles remind me of the master of Disguise! do you like that movie?... — I've never seen it before :/ http://ask.fm/a/5j0j9eam 
What movie can you quote word for word? — THE MASTER OF DISGUISE!!!!!! http://ask.fm/a/5aoa6g24 
He's the master of disguise! Hahahaha. Love this movie!
@Cisrules oh yeah!! Hmm I think mines.. pprobably the master of disguise. Or any adam sandler movie
Watching the Master of Disguise with the big guy!! Lol best movie ever
The Master of Disguise is my favorite movie of all time and I am not ashamed of that fact.
After watching the Master of Disguise I asked mysellf what made it such a good movie. Hands down Jennifer Lopez
@swirlzayn The Office, Parks & Recreation, Listen to Your Heart (it's a sad movie but so good) & the Master of Disguise
The Master of Disguise is honestly the stupidest movie ever... Except for the Turtle Club scene.
Watching The Master of Disguise & can't help to think of when @KelseyNPracht11 & I were obsessed with this movie. #turtleturtle
The Master of Disguise is such a great movie. #nevertooold #sofunny
It's from the master of disguise. You've never seen that movie? — No. http://ask.fm/a/5a8ha3bf 
I love the Master of disguise movie #classic
@ray_grossman @danacarvey Just found that movie "The Master of Disguise" Great movie
Aha I'm bout to watch The Master Of Disguise this movie cracks me up
The credits of the master of disguise are just as funny as the movie #lolsohard
Watching the master of disguise because it's always the right time to watch this movie
I'm such a kid. My favorite movie is The Master of Disguise
The Master of Disguise will always be the worst movie of all time. Seriously, try watching it again. It was awful even at age 10
YES! Hilarious “ @LilMiss_Sunshyn: Has anyone seen the movie "The Master of Disguise"?”
Gonna watch The Master Of Disguise again. I love this movie.
The master of disguise is pretty much the best movie ever I love it so much
im laughing by myself so hard watching the master of disguise hahahahaha i love this movie
I'm going to be the Master of Disguise. I'm going to be the Master of Disguise. I'm going to be the Master of Disguise. -- LOVE THIS MOVIE
I LOVE THE MASTER OF DISGUISE IT IS MY ALL TIME FAVORITE MOVIE WOW
The Master of Disguise is on. I remember seeing the movie with @brit_pratt on my 12th birthday #ThrowbackThursdays
The master of disguise is the only movie that actually makes me laugh now
The master of disguise is the cutest movie idk why
The Master of Disguise is the greatest movie of all time #energico
Watching the master of disguise i miss this movie #sofunny
My favorite movie is on!!! The Master of Disguise!
@Louis_Tomlinson have you ever seen the master of disguise? I love that movie alot!
@sherryp0124 @Angela_DDub @JennifersWayJE OMG!! That movie is hilarious! It's called The Master of Disguise (;
The Master Of Disguise is literally the best movie ever
The Master Of Disguise is like my fav comedy movie lol idk why
I think im going to watch the master of disguise tonight #love that movie @BellaMoser
@OddArtistry he's like the master of disguise. Me and my mom literally argue about if it's him in a movie or not.
About to watch The Master Of Disguise...this movie is my shit.
The Master of Disguise is comic gold. Best movie of all time.
Watching "The Master of Disguise." I forgot how hilarious this movie is!!
Who remembers the movie, "The master of Disguise"??
I'm thinking that my next movie night will consist of watching Grease and The Master of Disguise with @Shaleigha_rs
Just realized......Dylan and Cole Sprouse were in the movie The Master of Disguise!!!!
Up Early As Shit FOR WHAAAAT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! But Hey Its Friday . About To Fix Me A Bowl Of Cereal & Watch The Master Of Disguise Movie
Legit, New favorite movie is 'The Master of Disguise'...Anyone else.. No,Okay. #TurtleGuyy
The master of disguise is like the best movie ever
"The Master of Disguise" (2002) is a nasty movie (D+) #AhiMovieReviews mppxou
The master of disguise used to be the funniest movie when I was little I'm about to see if it's still as hilarious as I thought it was
@AustralianSpy Is that from The Master of Disguise? I'm pretty sure I own that movie XD
The master of disguise is a terrible movie #whydidtheychoosethismovie
Mads is the master of disguise in this movie. "No one will recognize me now" #MoveOn
i forgot how much i liked The Master Of Disguise. i use to quote that movie all the time! #whosyourdaddy
GUYS IM WATCHING THE MASTER OF DISGUISE I HAVEN'T SEEN THIS MOVIE IN YEARS I LOVE IT IT'S SO RANDOM AND FUNNY
I'm watching the master of disguise oh my god I haven't watched this movie in so long
The master of disguise>>> Best movie ever! Haha
Fucking bored, also, The Master of Disguise is the worst movie ever made, can't believe I liked it when I was little don't remember seeingit
There will never be a movie as great as The Master of Disguise, ever.
@hadleymayse The Master of Disguise is prolly the best movie ever made.
Watching the master of disguise , haven't watched this movie since I was like 7!
What's the worst movie ever? — The master of disguise ,so stupid http://ask.fm/a/5458od9l 
Who remembers the movie The Master Of Disguise?
watching The Master Of Disguise I can speak the whole movie I know it by heart
What is your all time favorite comedy movie? — The master of disguise http://ask.fm/a/4l3mnp72 
I've watched Step Brothers, The Master of Disguise, and a Harry Potter movie in the past 24 hours.... Is that a problem
The Master of Disguise is such a good movie
NO WAY! The Master of Disguise is on tv!!! I friggen love this movie #turtleturtle
The master of disguise has got to be the best movie of all time.
the master of disguise will always be my favorite comedy movie
he is the Master of disguise, a Prankster, he used Illusion in every concert & video & movie he ever did. He told us THE BEST IS YET TO COME
#nw The master of disguise sta movie s un cague jaja
Watching the Master of Disguise.... Because it's only the greatest movie out there
How do you decide what movie to watch? — I'm watching The Master of Disguise xD http://ask.fm/a/4mjd4be1 
The Master of Disguise by Perry Andelin Blake My favourite movie ever! https://itun.es/us/H0E4q 
The master of disguise is actually the funniest movie ever
I can't take the movie scarface seriously cause I always think about the guy from the master of disguise lol
why does nobody talk about the movie the master of disguise that movie is gold
Watching the master of disguise. I forgot how funny this movie is
Watching the master of disguise with my sister..It's been foreverrr since I've seen this movie!
i think I'm just gonna watch the master of disguise xD love that movie xD
The Master of Disguise is such a funny movie
Watching the master of disguise on MBC2, pretty amusing movie
Watching the master of disguise..this movie reminds me soooo much of my dad lol.
THE MASTER OF DISGUISE IS ON NETFLIX LOLOLOLOL IM LAUGHINH SO HARD AHA I LOVE THAT MOVIE
Greatest movie evar the master of disguise http://instagram.com/p/bAZIKWpRAS/ 
My cheeks hurt from laughing so much, dayum, 'the master of disguise' is one funny movie #laughinfor5minutesstraight
watching the master of disguise: carlee: "what's this movie about?" me: "this guy... who's a master of disguises..."
The master of disguise might be the funniest movie of all time
remember when The Master Of Disguise was everyone's favorite movie yeah don't do that again
The Master of Disguise is possibly the best movie ever.
The Master of Disguise is an awesome movie but I still haven't meet anyone else who has seen it.. :(
I bought the movie The Master of Disguise I haven't seen it in forever
The Master Of Disguise Omg I love this movie .
The Master of Disguise is the weirdest movie on earth, but I've seen it about 45 times & I still love it
Do you guys remember the movie The Master of Disguise? They really don't make quality original movies like that anymore... #sigh
The Master of Disguise is such a great movie.
The master of disguise has to be the funniest movie ever created
@briannalli OH THAT'S RIGHT!!!! I need to watch that movie again... I also need to watch "The Master of Disguise: again...!!!
just watched #nostalgiacritic's 'the master of disguise' review. Even 'fart joke' couldn't save the movie for me! :( they killed that joke!
The master of disguise is my new favorite movie
the master of disguise... that movie killed most of my brain cells when I was little -____-
The master of disguise is no doubt, 100%, hands down the best movie to ever be made.
Movie of the night: The Master of Disguise
the master of disguise is probably the best movie ever
If the master of disguise was the only movie I could watch for the rest of my life I wouldn't complain
Remember "The Master of Disguise" good movie, turtle, turtle.
Favorite movie ever: The Master of Disguise
watching the master of disguise i swear this movie never gets old omfg
@OmniPada The Master of Disguise was for a friend who didn't know where the turtle club quote came from :) V is a brilliant movie, too.
@43ends - Why watch The Master of Disguise? Because it contains the single greatest fart joke in movie history... @BrentSpiner
the master of disguise is on Netflix this like my favorite movie omg
Writer is watchin "The master of disguise" //Its Hilarious!!// Shut up and go back to your movie!! Lol XD
Reading The Master Of Disguise based on which Argo was filmed. Excited to see the movie!
The movie, The master of disguise will never get old :)
The Master of Disguise used to be my favorite movie of all time
Can we just appreciate my boyfriend for a second for actually knowing of the movie The Master Of Disguise? #IPickedAWinner
The master of disguise is the best movie
Anybody else remember the movie The Master of Disguise?
The Master Of Disguise will always be one of my favorite movie
" @ceebb27: I'm going to be the master of disguise, I'm going to be the master of disguise" this is a hilarious movie:D
The master of disguise>>>love this movie.
What channelllll RT @_JustineBianca: Omg watching the master of disguise, I love this movie
Movie Of The Day: THE MASTER OF DISGUISE (2002). http://wp.me/pLYTI-2Jg 
Seriously y'all schleep on "The Master of Disguise" This movie so stupid it's dumb funny.
Ima just be honest, I'm watching the master of disguise cuz this movie CRACKED ME TF UP when I was little.... Lol.
Family movie night: $20 Pizza: $15 Soda: $5 Watching 'The Master of Disguise' with Mark and Judy: priceless
Pierre is like that turtle guy from the master of disguise movie #turtle #turtle
Watching my favorite movie EVER "The Master of Disguise" #turtleturtle
omg, I haven't seen this movie in forevaa!!! :D The Master of Disguise.
the master of disguise is still a great movie
The Master Of Disguise will never get old. If you haven't seen this movie, you need to rethink your motives in life. @ShelbyG6
" @SPANKmeLATERR: Describe your dick using a movie title...... GO" The master of disguise
I really wanna see The Master Of Disguise again, such a good movie
@PaoloMRivera Weird. I just associated something to the Master of Disguise today too. It's such a good forgotten bad movie.
I want to see Dana Carvey play Chameleon, the master of disguise in the third Spidey movie.
Crawford looks like the guy off the movie The Master of Disguise.
Photo: Day 26 - A movie that is a guilty pleasure The Master of Disguise is just…so…bad. All of the humor in... http://tmblr.co/Z2jKisl_bAGa 
no one will ever understand my love for the movie The Master of Disguise
“ @hrrystylss: can u guys pls quote this and add ur fave movie bc im rlly bored and i wanna watch some :)” The Master Of Disguise XD
The master of disguise is such a good movie . Used to have the whole movie memorized
The Master of Disguise will always be a quality movie.
The Master of Disguise was a hilarious movie
The master of disguise is literally the best movie ever!!!
Making @Jordan_Drake10 watch The Master of Disguise! Only the best movie of all time.
I want to be the master of disguise I want to be the master of disguise. I want to be the master of disguise - I love this movie!!!
Movie: "I'm going to be the Master of Disguise!" ...Come on. Don't you know that eagles are the masters of da skies? XD
“ @LukeMiller313: The Master of Disguise!” Greatest movie ever
the master of disguise movie had a lot of illuminati stuff in it lol
"@brandixlewis: oh you think you funny “ @SmithN_Northern: Seen that movie the master of disguise...”"uhhhh yea lol
“ @kellenlofty: The Master of Disguise is on Netflix... May have to watch it soon” great movie...
About to watch The Master of Disguise! This use to be my movie
Watched The Master of Disguise to pass the time for my sad workout. It was a stupid movie. The commercials made it look funnier.
@Calum5SOS watching a movie with the fam...The Master of Disguise
Ook eets de sleepy time. I reeeally wana watch The Master of Disguise. I miss that movie more than words can express. Great movie!
“ @Merissa_3: The Master of Disguise :D to bad @Caiti_Marie25 isn't here to watch it with me!! ” ah man!! I love that movie!!!
The Master of Disguise or The Rugrats Movie?
One of the bad guys in the movie wanted the master of disguise to turn into Barbra Streisand or Britnany Spears so he could sex him
The master of disguise gets he every time. I love this movie!
“@saleah_marquis: If you haven't watched the movie "The Master Of Disguise" .. You had a horrible child hood.” LMAO TRUU .
First it was The Hunger Games, now it's The Master of Disguise...what movie will I choose next?!
i actually really love the movie the master of disguise it makes me laugh
Watching the master of disguise omg this movie
"The Master of Disguise" (2002) is a disagreeable movie (D+) #AhiMovieReviews (May 1, '13)
my last movie was 4sure the worst movie ive ever seen.just when you think the master of disguise is bad,all of a sudden you see scary movie5
#Argo #Movie ARGO vete a la mierda!!! Excelente película, te atrapa hasta el final. Adaptacion del libro. "The Master of disguise"
I don't think anyone will ever know how much I love the movie The Master of Disguise
people hatin on The Master Of Disguise were clearly too old when the movie came out to appreciate it
i don't care what anyone says i love the movie the master of disguise!
The Master of Disguise is probably my favorite movie of all time.
The Master of Disguise is such a terrible movie.
Pretty sure I had the Master of Disguise playing 3 times already.. No energy to change the movie #talkaboutlazy
@michaeldamboldt @loganusprime @MooreSaiyan We all have our secret shame movie. I absolutely love The Master of Disguise
You know which movie I haven't watched in a while? The Master of Disguise.
Watching The Master of Disguise , I totally forget about this movie
The Master of Disguise is a great movie!
The master of disguise is a very underrated movie #funnystuff
@danacarvey having great fun watching The Master of Disguise rite now! Favorite movie ever.
Watching The Master of Disguise with my wife xD Haven't seen this movie in ages.
The best movie ever made The Master of Disguise https://vine.co/v/bUzDLdAOZQJ 
Watching the master of disguise.. Haven't seen this movie in forever
the master of disguise I'm dying this was my fav movie everrr
Watching the Master of Disguise.. Forgot how awesome this movie is
The master of disguise! I love this movie
Watching the Master Of Disguise. Fuckin classic childhood movie!
The Master Of Disguise is the funniest movie ever!!!!
The master of disguise is a funny ass movie I PROMISE!!!!
Buy me the movie The Master of Disguise so I know its real.
“ @_TheReal_G: " @Kaitlynn2L2Q: The Master of Disguise" best movie ever!!” It's my favorite!
The master of disguise <3 best movie in the worrlllldddddddd
Man! I wanna watch the Master of Disguise!!! Such a good movie!! #amIturtellyenoughfortheturtleclub
Am I the only one who loves the movie "The Master Of Disguise" ?
The Master of Disguise is the worst movie ever.
The Master of Disguise <3 I will never get tired of this movie:)
Argo was a great movie. I loved it but for the story without Hollywood glitz & glamour read The Master of Disguise by Antonio Mendez
Lol who remembers that movie.. The Master of Disguise. Turtle turtle.
The master of disguise is on netflix. I love this movie awww
THE MASTER OF DISGUISE IS SUCH A GOOD MOVIE GO FUCKING WATCH IT
#nw the master of disguise . My movie though
I love The Master of Disguise. This movie was my childhood. Lol
"The Master of Disguise" (2002) is a sad movie (D+) #AhiMovieReviews (Apr 1, '13)
The Master of Disguise 11/10 never watching another movie again
The master of disguise is the funniest movie !!!!
Netflix has The Master of Disguise omfg my Italian is going crazy it's the best movie.
"The Master of Disguise" should be the first movie people reach for when "What do you want to watch?" is asked.
The Master of Disguise is a bombass movie. #Idgaf
This movie never dies (watching The Master of Disguise) http://gomiso.com/r/2vH97 
The Master Of Disguise movie is on :D
What was the last movie you watched? Did you like it? — the master of disguise yes I did http://ask.fm/a/37nip8f8 
“ @ArianaGrande: What movie should I watch tonight?” The master of disguise!
Watching the master of disguise ! This movie is so old!
Bubs new favorite old movie on Netflix 'The Master of Disguise'. He' been quoting for two weeks..."become another... http://fb.me/HaQ79e8t 
"The Master of Disguise" (2002) is a moronic movie (D+) #AhiMovieReviews (Mar 28, '13)
I Wanna Watch The Master Of Disguise I Keep Thinking About That Movie
I just finished the book The Master of Disguise by Antonio Mendez. He is the CIA guy that the movie Argo is about.
The suite life movie is a mix between recess schools out and the master of disguise
@jasmineenglish_ i am the master of disguise, like the movie
The master of disguise is such a forgotten movie
Argo (2012) Blu-ray Movie Review: Adapted from the novel The Master of Disguise, itself based on the little kn... http://bit.ly/15D7RU2 
If you're a fan of the movie "The Master of Disguise", I admire you #OG
Perfect ending to a great day, Kelly + I watching the BEST kid movie ever, The Master of Disguise! http://instagram.com/p/XJHIm3Jbe3/ 
“ @KelceyyFoxxy: I'm highkey obsessed with the movie The Master of Disguise...” Turtle turtle
Watching the master of disguise!!!!! Love this movie!!
Watching The Master Of Disguise with the fam aka we will be quoting the entire movie
The Master of Disguise. I haven't seen this movie in FOREVER.
@bClickClack The universal we. Or me as the Master of Disguise . What a horrible movie that was.
I have a weird feeling that the movie The Master of Disguise was one of the reasons I started acting #strange
"The Master of Disguise" (2002) is an unfavorable movie (D+) #AhiMovieReviews (Mar 13, '13)
Imagine actually watching the movie "The Master of Disguise?" I can't imagine doing that
The first movie I ever saw on DVD was The Master of Disguise. And it was fucking awesome.
Who remembers the movie "the master of disguise?" Lmao
I know allll the words to the master of disguise movie wittt Dana Carvey #familyfavorite
I'll never get tired of the Master Of Disguise. Fuckin stupid ass hilarious movie.
Sunday morning revelation: my husband has seen the 2002 Dana Carvey movie "The Master of Disguise" three times. In 2013. So far.
Ooooooo I'm about to watch The master of disguise. This used to be my movie.
The master of disguise is the funniest movie
I Love the movie The Master of Disguise !!!
I want to see that so bad! I miss it!“@lexxxcolclasure: The Master of Disguise is the best movie ever. ”
The Master of Disguise is on Netflix! I love this movie! Lol tike for my hw break :p
"@HanMcKinnon: The master of disguise is such a classic movie" @TroyMarrett hahahahaha perfect
i know I am going to lose followers for this but I am beginning to think the master of disguise was not a very good movie
The Master of Disguise is my favorite movie for sure.
@devinpfox have you seen the movie The Master of Disguise? :3
the master of disguise is a great movie
The name of the main character in the movie "The Master of Disguise" is Pistachio. Yes.
Argo is a real life story...the movie was specifically based on the book "The Master of Disguise" by Tony Mendez.
NO. The worst movie ever is The Master of Disguise.
Ok guys need suggestions. Which movie, the master of disguise, billy Madison, p http://flamingblivet.com/BlivetBasic/IOS/android_poobag.html …
The Master of Disguise. RT @JapanToOaxaca: What's the worst movie you've ever seen?
500 Baller Pickup Lines Based on the Hit Movie "The Master of Disguise"
Rudy said he wants 2 watch that Disguise movie :-) What Son ? The Master of Disguise ! :-) Whatever u say Son
@GNovotny33 it's from a movie called the master of disguise that came out like 10 years ago haha sorry
The master of disguise is such a good movie #turtleturtle
@levlewis @kiva_jane @cycinema It was "The Master of Disguise", right? Which I've gouged out of my memory as a movie-related title.
Someone just mentioned the master of disguise. I thought no one knew about that movie!
"@TrickDaddyyyyyy: I wanna watch the master of disguise right now." BEST MOVIE EVVVVA!
REMEMBER THE SNAKE PART OF THE MOVIE THE MASTER OF DISGUISE 
Downloaded some more Of Mice And Men and the movie the master of disguise
The Master of Disguise is such a good movie
the master of disguise = the best movie ever.
And the master of disguise... That movie never gets old
Why does everyone think the master of disguise is a bad movie?!? I think it's great!
The master of disguise is the dumbest movie ever made but... It is pretty damn hilarious.
I just found "The Master of Disguise"on Netflix!!! I haven't seen this movie in a long time.
Nw, the master of disguise.. I havent seen this movie in forever
Watching the Master of Disguise, I love this movie and I haven't seen it in forever
The Master of Disguise is like the best movie ever
The Master of Disguise may very well be the best movie ever #loveit #hilarious
Watching movie is " The Master Of Disguise "
The master of Disguise could be the best movie ever #sobad
everytime i see this i think ab the movie the master of disguise where hes dressed up as a turtle!!… http://instagr.am/p/VnpL9sJB-7/ 
Netflix is awesome cause I can watch the master of disguise and I haven't seen that movie since I was 7 so that's pretty cool
watching the master of disguise puts me in a such a great mood. love this movie
I forgot how hilarious The Master of Disguise is Such a great movie #turtleclub
I'm going to be the master of disguise, i'm going to be the master of disguise,....lol I love this movie
The Master of Disguise. Did you mean greatest movie ever?
the master of disguise will forever be my favorite movie
Tonight we have watched 101 Dalmations, Rugrats, The Master of Disguise, and now starting The Power Rangers movie #pinkranger
Anyone remember the movie, The Master of Disguise?
Watching the master of disguise right now. Because yolo. And it's the most amazing movie on earth.
The master of disguise is the funniest movie ever lmao, its on netflix boi go watch it.
holy fucking shit, The Master of Disguise is on netflix instant, this movie was the shit when I was younger!!!
@AbbieHix you're missing out on a great movie date! @mbacker7 and I are watching The Master Of Disguise and eating ice cream (:
Watching The Master of Disguise. Not super fond of it, but beggars can't be choosers, eh? #Masterofdisguise #movie #meh
Gonna watch the master of disguise!!:) OMG this movie brings back so many memories from boys and girls club
Lmfao I really want to watch The Master of Disguise right now. I haven't seen that movie since I was like 9.
The Master of Disguise is a great movie!! Haha #90sKid
Watching The Master of Disguise while coughing up my lungs. I ain't even mad, this movie is my favorite.
The Master of Disguise is such an underrated movie
watching the master of disguise again, this movie is on crack but i love it :P
The Master of Disguise is the best movie of my life!
Making my brother watch The Master of Disguise. This kid needs a movie-cation.
Funniest movie ever, the master of disguise. "Am I not turtle enough for the turtle."
Watching The Master of Disguise, if you don't like this movie then I don't think we can be friends
The Master of Disguise is such a classic movie #dead
#WaysToGetSlapped Be in the movie 'The Master of Disguise.'
The Master Of Disguise Movie >>> Lol
The master of disguise is the best movie ever
He was sad the Nostalgia Critic was over, and one movie he wanted him to review was The Master of Disguise.
The master of disguise. I don't think I've ever laughed so hard at a kids movie. Gotta love the blow torch oil rig
Watching the master of disguise... I WANT TO BE A MASTER OF DISGUISE! #LMFAO #MOVIE #hilarious. #favorite http://instagr.am/p/UwKUzxMpTs/ 
The Master of Disguise is seriously the most hilarious movie evurr
Apparently #Argo the movie is based on a selection from the "Master of Disguise" by Antonio J Mendez. I have it but not have chance to read
Seriously. Who remembers the movie "the master of disguise" ?
#RelationshipDealbreakers won't watch the wall yellow submarine the master of disguise and any scary movie with me
"The Master of Disguise" (2002) is a foolish movie (D+) #AhiMovieReviews (Jan 15, '13)
@dillonbalsamo9 should I watch Jimmy Neutron movie or the master of disguise?
Watching the Master of Disguise! Haven't seen this movie in years:)
"@CallItADream: The Master of Disguise is on TV & I immediately thought of @Nu9aa" thats my movie right there!
The master of disguise is such a classic movie
Does anyone remember the movie 'The Master Of Disguise' ? That was like my fav movie
Probably another movie everyone's going to berate me for liking, but the Master of Disguise is GREAT. http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ezAJeaCySV4 …
The Master of Disguise is the best movie I've ever seen.
Yeah, couldn't take that movie anymore so I'm going to watch the Master of Disguise.
"The Master of Disguise" (2002) is an unintelligent movie (D+) #AhiMovieReviews (Jan 9, '13)
Why has no one seen the movie THE MASTER OF DISGUISE #turtleturtle
I still stand by The Master of Disguise being the worst movie ever.
finna eat rest of my food from mayflower while i got jar of red kool aid :-) watch old movie call the master of disguise
Tonight's movie of disappointment is The Master of Disguise, why do I do this to myself ?
#NW The Master of Disguise one of my favorite movie #Hoodclassic
The Master Of Disguise is such a funny movie!
I remember watching The Master of Disguise's Captain America scene back in '02 thinking SOMEONE NEEDS TO MAKE A MOVIE! Glad they listened :)
the master of disguise is the best movie ever.
Watching "The Master of Disguise" I cannot believe I'm ending 2012 with such a shitty movie. #2thumbsdown
I can still quote the whole The Master of Disguise movie. #YouKnowWhatItIs
If you don't think the master of disguise is a quality movie I suggest you go lick a cactus
Watching The Master of Disguise, lol this movie is ridiculous
@rigamarock looks like dana carvey from the master of disguise movie as turtle man
" @autumni_: Watching the master of disguise"that movie so fucking funny!
The master of disguise>>>>>>>> I love this movie!!!
#15factsaboutme 13.) my favorite movie(s) are the scream series and the master of disguise.
Watching the Master of Disguise I fucking love this movie lol.
“@ItsBrundo: The Master of Disguise = Best movie ever.” The Master of Disguise = my childhood
Most people can quote the whole movie of Mean Girls, but I take pride in quoting The Master of Disguise!
The #2 movie in my family is the Master of Disguise. Funniest movie ever!
I will pay any one for the master of disguise movie ours is broken
Gunna try and sleep while watching The Master Of Disguise. Haha love this movie
The Master of Disguise is the funniest movie!!
"The Master of Disguise" (2002) is a nasty movie (D+) #AhiMovieReviews (Dec 24, '12)
the master of disguise is the only christmas movie i wanna watch
omg! I wana watch The Master of Disguise!! that movie is hilarious!
The master of disguise! Almost forgot how funny this movie was! :D
The Master of Disguise is probably the best movie ever made. #imgunnabeamastapfdisguise
“@Real_B1G_O: Who remembers the Master of Disguise??? That movie was so legit.” Turtle turtle
The master of disguise is the greatest movie of all time
The master of disguise is one movie that will never get old !
The master of disguise>>>> I freaking love this movie..
My favorite movie used to be The Master of Disguise.
#nw the master of disguise , i love this movie !!!
@LavishByNature the master of Disguise?! I swear no one knows that movie. Greatest shit ever.
The Master of Disguise. BEST MOVIE EVER!
Still remember quotes from the master of disguise.. Great movie still lol
kenny smith looks like hes from the movie the master of disguise and a turtle
@ThaRealTony @itsjustcon Jairus Still hasn't seen the Master Of Disguise as a whole movie yet.... #Turtle.
#nw The Master of Disguise Been wanting to watch this movie for years!
My dad will sit in a movie theater full of people and quote "The Master of Disguise" with me. He's awesome. #ItsADadThing
Who remembers the master of disguise movie and the part with the turtle guy!!
The Master of Disguise could be the best movie ever made @PatrickRealTalk @chrismammy
" @kalliehamilton: Watching the master of disguise reminds me of @Rae90Rae" awe I love that movie! Used to watch it with you all the time!
The Master of Disguise Is a weird freakin movie
The only movie worse than "The Master" in my mind right now is "The Master Of DIsguise"
Anytime i hear the word "turtle" i automatically think of the movie The Master of Disguise..... Turrrrrtle
The master of disguise is on Netflix!!! I flipping love this movie :D!
Wow! 2nd time I have been in bed before 2 am. Something isn't right. Movie time. The Master of Disguise.
The master of disguise is an amazing movie
"The Master of Disguise" (2002) is a bad movie (D+) #AhiMovieReviews (Nov 30, '12)
You know the turtle club from the master of disguise movie
I will forever love the movie The Master of Disguise .
Watching the master of disguise haven't seen this movie years!!!
Omg!! I'm watching the master of disguise ! This movie still funny
the master of disguise is the weirdest fucking movie ever.
"I'm going to be the master of disguise. I'm going to be the master of disguise." Great movie
The master of disguise is the best movie in the world
Watching the Master of Disguise. Best movie ever!!
Oh God, just remembered The Master of Disguise is a movie that exists.
The master of disguise is my movie.
Watching the master of disguise with @Schwereritsat :) soo stupid but oh so hilarious movie :)
@Bitches_B_Cray like the Master of Disguise movie! turrrrttle.
Watched the Master Of Disguise. God I loved that movie as a kid.
I always wondered why on the Master of Disguise dvd, some scenes from the movie were cut out. I now know why. http://lockerz.com/s/261159042 
“ @TylerWexler: the master of disguise is probably the greatest movie ever” Hahahahh I Luv it
@loganmarlena that reminds me of the master of disguise. Hahhahaha that usd to be our fav movie! My Cd of it's scratched
Oh my god. Hahaha The Master of Disguise is thhheee best movie.
THE MASTER OF DISGUISE. What an underrated movie... #HOYEAH
I remember being in love with the movie the master of disguise, don't ask.
"The Master of Disguise" is probably the most quoted movie that no one ever saw. #turtleturtle
“ @IceIceBabyDoe: The Master of Disguise >>>>>>>>>>>>> ” BEST MOVIE EVER.
The Master of Disguise is my favorite movie next to Big Fat Liar #handsdown
My friend in the middle looks like the guy from the movie the master of disguise http://instagr.am/p/Rmg_0VCUYK/ 
The Master of Disguise is probably the funniest movie I've ever seen! Perfect way to spend Friday night :)
"This is what you're doing, this is what I want you to do" watching the scariest movie ever, the master of disguise.
I was watching the master of disguise yesterday that movie is hilarious
The Master of Disguise movie is like a highlight of my childhood lmao
@kellykronen is finally having the honor of seeing the Pryles family favorite movie: The master of disguise pic.twitter.com/GUNpFwBf
I was just reminded that The Master of Disguise was a movie. I cringed a bit. What a terrible film.
The Master of Disguise, the book that's the source for the new Ben Affleck movie Argo is $0.99 at the Amazon... http://fb.me/1j9z76zsR 
Watching a movie thinking it was The Master of Disguise.... Turns out its not... More like #cleanslate
Anybody remember the movie The Master of Disguise? Turtle, turtle, turtle lls
"The Master of Disguise" (2002) is a bad movie (D+) #AhiMovieReviews (Oct 26, '12)
has anyone else seen the master of disguise omfg, all time favorite movie nbd
The Master of Disguise is funny af! I used to love this movie
The Master of Disguise is a great movie
hiii people (: i'm watching The Master Of Disguise haha I love this movie :-D
@actordougjones that's you? Quite the master of disguise huh? I love that movie (though truth be told I can't wait for @RazeTheMovie too)
Watching The Master of Disguise because @nick_antirose reminded me of how great of a movie it was
aye bro if you never saw the movie "The Master Of Disguise" you corny af bro ....
Hangin with my boy @gunnarpingle watching the best movie ever, the master of disguise
About to watch my movie The master of disguise >>>>>
@HecklerForever also read "The Master of Disguise" by Antonio Mendez to get the full story of how he got them out :) the movie is good! :)
The Master of Disguise: My Secret Life in the CIA (Kindle Edition) newly tagged "movie": The Maste... http://amzn.to/RDfDHk 
Such a geek movie! " @_Smashhleyy_: @_Smashhleyy_: The Master of Disguise with @brittdulany ! This makes me geek! "
The master of disguise on Netflix >>>>> I love this movie!!
Oh and the master of disguise continues to be the best movie ever made
Am I the only one that knows and loves the movie The Master of Disguise?
The master of disguise. Ya'll ever see that movie?
Currently I'm reading the book The Master of Disguise by Antonio Mendez that inspired the movie. There's a Joshuah Bearman Wired article too
Lol watching the master of disguise with my little sister and brother haha dumb movie but funny!
Can't believe the master of disguise is 10 years old. I used to watch this movie everyday
If you havent seen the movie the master of disguise then you havent lived life yet.
Is it just me or did The Master of Disguise used to be a better movie when we were younger.. #disappointed
the master of disguise was my movie.
Thank god I discovered the "just for kids" section of Netflix. Currently watching the master of disguise, aka the GREATEST MOVIE EVER MADE
Remember the Master of Disguise movie? I need to see the Turtle scenes again. I NEED TO
Watching The Master of Disguise bahaha I fuckin love this movie
Bro. I can do every voice from the movie The Master of Disguise!
"The Master of Disguise" (2002) is an unsuitable movie (D+) #AhiMovieReviews (Oct 3, '12)
The Master of Disguise is such funny movie #classic
the master of disguise is on netflix thats the movie where the dude goes "turrtle, turrtle."
my dog is cuter than 'the cuteness' from the master of disguise movie
The master of disguise is such a good movie
This kid tried saying "the master of disguise" was a bad movie... #no #gtfo #favoritechildhoodmovie
The only movie that I know by heart is The Master of Disguise
The Jungle Book, The Master of Disguise, The Aristacats, Spice World, The Lizzie McGuire Movie, Princess Diaries 1&2 #FilmsIGrewUpWith
the movie 'the master of disguise' teaches me how to get to a 1D concert. i mean.. maybe liam will let me in dressed as his turtle?
The Master of Disguise is one of my favorite movies I love that movie it be having me cryin
The Master of Disguise. I will NEVER forget that movie!
The Master of Disguise Movie Online Free ~ One Star movies http://fb.me/22DWAky81 
#nw the master of disguise :D I used to watch this movie like 3864910191 times when I was younger lol
We're so weird. (Quoting the greatest movie ever, The Master Of Disguise) @pmertz http://instagr.am/p/P7d0N1j2So/ 
The master of disguise is such a great movie, But theirs illumati eyes everywhere..?
"The master of disguise was the greatest movie ever." - @yonnytsunami
#nw The Master of Disguise!!! I used to love this movie! Knew every line:)
"The Master of Disguise" (2002) is an unintelligent movie (D+) #AhiMovieReviews (Sep 21, '12)
The master of disguise!! That my movie!
The master of disguise will always be a great movie
THE MASTER OF DISGUISE! best movie of all fkn time!
The Master of Disguise is my third favorite movie. #turtle
#MoviesYouCantDislike The Master Of Disguise - I LOVE That Movie OMG :) <3
Now watching my favorite movie of all time! The Master Of Disguise<33333
Watching The Master Of Disguise this movie funny as hell
The Master of Disguise was a good movie #turrrtle #hahaha
@ColorfulArianaG breakfast at tiffany's, any Disney movie(TANGLED), and(PICK THAT ONE --->) The Master Of Disguise (<---PICK THAT ONE!!!!!)
"The master of disguise"is my movie
The Master of Disguise may or may not be the most quote-able movie ever!
#NW the master of disguise #favorite#movie#funny http://instagr.am/p/PQbhbzoF4W/ 
My history teacher looks exactly like this guy from the master of disguise movie except he's like 4 ft tall pic.twitter.com/5xzHkxEE
The Master of Disguise is the best movie ever
The master of disguise, damn I used to fuck with this movie
The master of disguise is a hilarious movie if anyone's bored
The master of disguise I haven't seen this movie since i was 9 in Montreal
What is your all time favorite comedy movie? — i have too many favorites! lol ummm....the master of disguise! ... http://ask.fm/a/3eg528b8la 
Watching The Master of Disguise LOOOOL this movie has me dying...
The Master Of Disguise Is Playing Boddest Movie Lool Mod Funny
Awwww yeahh The Master Of Disguise is on TV :D This was my childhood movie. watched it over 10000000 times :')
Annie, the road to el dorado, the master of disguise, chitty chitty bang bang, or the black stallion which movie should I watch
the master of disguise is the best movie ever made...besides nacho @TommyWeickert @Chayner735
Just watchin The master of disguise. Damn this movie
@Mets4_Life have you watched the movie called "The Master Of Disguise"? Turtles! http://t3.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcSl3NIESxV5Ie6bGGvmIJUxY4cXqlYUE7iDK2GUR8ZRC7InInPj_Q&t=1 …
Watching: The Master Of Disguise , funniest movie everrrrrr .
Our new principle looks like the character from the movie the master of disguise #turtleturtleturtle
Watching the master of disguise!!!!! This is the best movie<3
When Lj doesnt get to pick the movie cause me and @mandarin_xo want to watch The Master Of Disguise... #SisterlyBonding
I recently saw the movie "the master of disguise" this is the funniest thing I've ever seen. Please take 1 min to watch http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=oQMxf-uTkmc&feature=youtube_gdata_player …
if you want to watch a funny spy movie watch the master of disguise its so cute and funny!
The children movie selection on Netflix > Not kidding lol #NW: The Master of Disguise
Watch The Master of Disguise cool movie
Turtleeee! Am I not turtley enough for the turtle club? The Master of Disguise is the best movie ever!!!
"The master of disguise" used to be the greatest movie
I haven't seen the Master of Disguise in forever I miss that movie so much it's so funny
The Master of Disguise has to be the funniest movie ever. Watch it now.
OH. MY. GOD. That was my favorite movie as a child. “@pasdebeaute: i wanna watch the master of disguise.”
#the master of disguise movie! Not turtle enough for the turtle club haha #bestmovie# and texting him
@Mr_Matt_Himself lol. I want to to be the master of disguise! I loved that movie
Watched one of my all time favourite child-hood movie, The Master Of Disguise, still as good & as weird as I remember it aha
@BILabdelqader and I watched our favorite childhood movie 'The Master of Disguise' ! #throwback
Omg I just saw @Maria_CB in The Master of Disguise. Haha I used to watch this movie all the time as a kid! I never realized that was her!
The master of disguise is a weird ass movie
“ @AaronReid96: What's a good movie to watch on netflix” the master of disguise :p it's an older movie but it's kind of jokes
Storming here but I am going to try to watch The Master of Disguise it use to be my favorite movie when I was about four
The master of disguise ?!? #nw this movie is ancient!
Im home now im watching the Master of Disguise this movie rocks
Love that mivie... Turtle turtle RT @G_McNeal: .. Watchin The Master of Disguise lol. This movie too funny.
Bout to watch The Master Of Disguise ,, used to be me and my little bros favvorite movie to watch together
Watching the master of disguise. Haven't seen this movie daaaays
Sorry :( RT @sierrachilll “ @MylesErikRivera: The Master Of Disguise is a downright awful movie.” :(
The Master of Disguise, the best crappy movie of all time.
Watching this stupid ass movie "the master of disguise" but it's low key funny lol
Watching the Master of Disguise with @kelsey_manak! Haha I love this movie!
My movie on :The Master of Disguise #yesss
@Melanie_Moroney if you are awake put it in FX right now! Its our all time favorite movie The Master of Disguise!!! Lol #GoodTimes
The Master of Disguise. Fudging right. Haven't seen this movie in forever.
#nw the master of disguise. I havnt seen this movie in like 9 years
The Master of Disguise is such a stupid movie but it still cracks me up every time. I just love Dana Carvey.
i like the movie the master of disguise because its weird like me.
@gabmorales19 All of your shirts are awesome! I love the master of disguise one becasue that's my favorite movie haha (:
Who else remembers the movie the master of disguise??? #amiturtleyenough
The Master of Disguise is a really great movie.
Finally finished watching The Master Of Disguise funny movie now time for bed I'm the only one awake at home
So I really want to watch the master of disguise again but I think I will browse for a movie i've never seen before((:
The Master Of Disguise is one stuuuupid movie! x)
The movie the master of disguise is so stupid but so funny
That movie >> The Master of Disguise
I'm bout to watch The Master Of Disguise...This was my movie when I was little.!!!
The master of disguise is the best movie ever #dyinglaughing #classic
The Master of Disguise is the best fucking movie everrrr.
The Master of Disguise >>>>> That is the funniest kid movie hands down that I have every seen .
The Master of Disguise. I will never forget this movie. Probably cause I'm too turtley for the turtl http://pinterest.com/pin/196680708697538628/ …
The Master of Disguise is such an awesome movie.
soo we're watching The Master of Disguise andddd I know almost every line in the movie lolll we quote this movie way too much!! @viastillero
watching the master of disguise with my brother. I loveddddd this movie when I was his age. :) #turtleturtle http://instagr.am/p/NfcyyrNW_9/ 
the movie the master of disguise used to be much more funny when I was 10 @B1G39E
The master of disguise is actually too good of a movie
@Floejisan its ol boy from inception the master of disguise or whatever. nolan kept the wholecrew from that movie
Nice little movie night with my buddies @DJsidhouse7 and @GKost7 #MasterOfDisguise. I'm going to be the master of disguise
Haven't seen The Master of Disguise in forever. I love this movie.
The master of disguise may be the strangest movie ever....
The Master of Disguise has got to be the stupidest yet best movie ever.
Watching the master of disguise with the kids. I used to think this movie was funny...why? Lol
No matter how many times I watch it, The Master of Disguise will always be my fav movie
anyone remember the master of disguise i love this movie haha
Watching the movie The Master of Disguise :)
The Master of Disguise is my movie! I live watching old movies and realizing things I never caught onto as a kid.
& I used to love watching that movie called "The Master of Disguise"
The Master Of Disguise will forever be my favorite movie.
Hahahaha the master of disguise movie is so funny!!!
The Master of Disguise is a real movie that actually happened.
i need to watch the master of disguise soon or i'm gonna be quoting that movie all day for no reason. and that would be weird.
I love that movie : The Master Of Disguise ! (SC)
Watching The Master of Disguise with the bestie. I haven't seen this movie in years! #sohappyrightnow #favvies
Ik I recognized that Dana guy.He played in the movie the master of disguise!
They have The Master of Disguise on Netflix?! Love this movie!!
When I was little my favorite movie was "The Master of Disguise"
Gonna watch the master of disguise cause it's a freaking awesome movie.
I seriously love the movie the master of disguise #sofunny
I remember when I used to always watch the master of disguise haha that movie was funny
some candy , some beer , some chocolate and a classic movie :the master of disguise #goodnight #babysitting
My father, your son, you must be my sister!! -Best movie ever!! The Master of Disguise
The master of disguise >> my movie
The master of disguise is HANDS DOWN THE BEST MOVIE OF THE 2000s
The Master of Disguise!! This use to be my favorite movie
My professor reminds me of the main character in the movie The Master of Disguise..
I'm watching the master of disguise, this movie is hilarious
“@madelineshefler: OMG i havent seen the master of disguise in forever hahahahahah” Omg I love that movie!
The Master of Disguise could quite possibly be the most influential movie of our generation. @kakes_anderson @Ameliawind #becomeanotherpeson
#Nw: The Master Of Disguise :) This used to be my movie when i was little!!
Watching The Master of Disguise because I love Dana Carvey, and this movie's friggin hilarious #MovieFriday
the master of disguise is such a quality movie ~
The Master Of Disguise is such a throw back movie for me. #SoDamnFunny
@JurassickBRO this makes me think of the movie The Master of Disguise.
The master of disguise is such a classic movie! Gets me laughing every time!
He is tooo into this movie #The Master of Disguise http://instagr.am/p/MWRi30uuHZ/ 
The Master of Disguise will forever and always be my favorite movie #MakesMeLaugh #Everytime
just watched a funny movie called The master of disguise???? hahahahahahaha fart -Devlin Bowman
Weirdest movie ever? The Master of Disguise. http://gifboom.com/x/78c98bee 
I can probably act out all the characters from the Master Of Disguise movie!
Found the master of disguise on Netflix haha I use to love that movie
#NW "The Master of Disguise" I love this movie.
the master of disguise has to be my favorite movie as a kid!!!! :D
The Master of Disguise is a severely underrated movie
“ @Camm_Goin_Hamm: The master of disguise is the best movie ever made #whosyourdaddy” become anotha person!
The Master of Disguise is the best movie hahahaha
The Master of Disguise is one of the worst movies I've seen. Watch it if you wanna watch a bad movie. :D
My favorite movie ever? The Master Of Disguise, hands down.
The master of disguise is the best movie ever
The master of disguise movie gets me Rollin everytime.
the master of disguise is such a weird movie. lmaoo
After disney movies, the master of disguise is my favorite movie
I'm going to be the master of disguise! Haha this movie!
Just watched the master of disguise credits for an extra 10 minutes after the movie. #whatever
Watching the master of disguise! I love this movie.
“@raivonsmith15: Who rememba that movie " The Master of Disguise"?” turtle turtle lol
Watching The Master of Disguise with Mark! I love this movie!!!
#movieIveSeen50 The Master of Disguise lol I definitely can quote the whole movie
I don't care. I still believe The Master of Disguise is a funny movie! hahahaha
The master of disguise is deffff my fave stupid movie from my childhood. Hahaha
Random netflix movie of the night: the master of disguise #classic
Watching the master of disguise...didnt see this movie n a good lil min
Movie marathon lineup for this weekend: Batman and Robin, The Master of Disguise, Ace Ventura 2.
Yes! I finally found my movie on netfilx! The master of disguise :D
The Master of Disguise is by far the best movie of my childhood
The movie The Master of Disguise never gets old. #tuuuurtle
The Master Of Disguise is the worst movie. The writing is so lazy, and the jokes aren't jokes
Yep! RT @AmazedByRobsten Johnny Depp is the master of disguise. Srsly. He looks like a different person in every movie.
The Master of Disguise was my movie back in the day #stillfunny
-CSI: miami, Glee, Frankenhood, The Master Of Disguise and Glee concert movie.
Watching The Master of Disguise! This movie is sooo old lol I think I've watched this movie over 50 times.
Watching the master of disguise<33 the other movie got too weird.
Eating cookies and watching the Master Of Disguise!! I love this movie.
It's a fact; The Master of Disguise is the best movie ever.
Is the new Paul Thomas Anderson movie 'The Master' a remake of the Dana Carvey comedy 'The Master of Disguise'? I need to know.
Watching the Master of disguise. The corniest movie ever!!
Watching the movie where Denzel Washington wears a hat and sunglasses and is somehow the master of disguise.
"The Master of Disguise." Lmfaao, haven't watched this movie since my sister, cousin, & I used too stay at my grandparents all the time.
the master of disguise use to be my favorite movie back in the day lol hilarious
Hah remember that movie the master of disguise
I wish I knew someone that loves the movie "The Master of Disguise" like I do so we could watch it together. That's my movie man lol
Peeta hiding reminded me of The Master of Disguise movie.
Just watching The Master Of Disguise for the first time in like 10 years. I'll try not to live tweet the whole movie, but..... :P
@FreshEJAY I watched that yesterday! I love that movie!! Don't be hatin' on the Master of Disguise!!
I want to see "The Master Of Disguise" I miss that movie..
The master of disguise is my damn MOVIE
The Master of Disguise is the funniest movie ever
Does anyone remember the movie. The master of disguise? #greatmovie
I wanna see the master of disguise!!! That movie was my favorite!!!
#NW: The Master of Disguise ! I used to love this movie! [Re-tweet if you remember this movie! ] #Throwback
“ @MinusMiranda: I am the master of disguise! #WhosYourDaddy” Haha, that's a corny movie. But funny lol.
The Master Of Disguise...hahahahaha...i have not seen this movie in such a long time!
" @CelesteYetter: seriously the master of disguise is a hilarious movie" turtle....turtle....lmfao! Best part
@ncuntrera the master of disguise lmao I haven't seen that movie in like 5 years
Now Watching: "The Master of Disguise" Grate movie!!!
I've seen The Master of Disguise 374 times and I don't even get bored...funny movie.
" @sillly_MILLY: Nw the master of disguise" lmao I luv thag movie "who,what,when,where,why Howwww.
I'm going to be the master of disguise. I'm going to be the master of disguise. Who remembers this movie? #masterofdisguise
@davestein13 i cant look at him without thinking he was in the master of disguise movie
The Master of Disguise is on netflix!!! Lol awesome movie!
"@TRAPn_Nd_SKEETn: WATCHING the master of disguise LMAO"--- that movie funny as hell.. ctfu
lmao there's a movie today on tv named "The Master of Disguise" and my thoughts were "IS THIS ABOUT SABUROU?"
..The Master of Disguise is a stupid movie!.but it's funny!.
The sleepy time she comes, haha I love the master of disguise best movie ever
The Master of Disguise was a great movie
The master of disguise (: I used to love this movie when I was little.
Watching the master of disguise best movie! @tershy7 @TayLyb14
The Master of Disguise. Ahhh haha good movie. Good 10 year old movie. Gotta make me feel old.
was forced to watch "The Human Centipede" when I wanted to watch "The Master of Disguise". night ruined. worst movie ever made
#NW the master of disguise lmfao i love this movie...
Does anyone remember that movie "the master of disguise?" #thatssocrazyitjustmightwork! #turrrtle
The Master of Disguise= Funniest movie ever!!!!!!!
Watchin "the master of disguise".....this movie is still hilarious to me lol
The master of disguise is hilarious movie my type of humor right there haha
@CapnDesDes movie title describing down south: "The Master of Disguise"
Who remembers that movie The master of disguise?
#nw the master of disguise , movie is tooo funny !
Watching " the master of disguise" iused to watch this movie faithfully when iwas a lil lol
Get home from an awesome movie and The Master of Disguise is on?! #Score
Not The Master of Disguise ! I love this movie :)
Lol it is. I like that part too! RT @bic_ana: The Master of Disguise is such a funny movie! Turtle, turtle, turtle.
NegativeRT @_CottonBall_: “ @_IAmMcLovin: This movie is too funny man lol The Master of disguise”lol your so lame dale
“ @_IAmMcLovin: This movie is too funny man lol The Master of disguise”lol your so lame dale
Also, The Master Of Disguise is on FX. Love this movie. http://instagr.am/p/JYQ4RDOc8c/ 
The Master of Disguise!!! My favorite movie from when I was young!! #funny
Watching The Master of Disguise on tv. I swear I haven't seen this movie since I was 10 lol.
Watching the master of disguise. this movie was so hilarious to me when i was young
Shhhhh! My fav movie on The Master of Disguise!!!!! Yayyy
trey called me to tell me the master of disguise movie finna go ham .
Holy shit. The Master of Disguise used to be my movie !
Stamp this used to be the movie The Master Of Disguise
Watching the master of disguise! Haven't seen this movie in a million years
I'm watching the master of disguise... My childhood is comprised of this movie @allygreen12 remember??
I dont care what anyone says. The master of disguise is a great movie. #turtleturtle
#moviesthatnevergetold The Master of Disguise, The Lion King, Titanic, and every (classic) Disney movie ever made.
Nothing of interest to tweet, so here's a thought. "The Master of Disguise" was a movie. Like, Someone spent money to make that.
people underestimate the master of disguise. i can quote that whole movie man.
the master of disguise is like the funniest movie ever
The Master of Disguise is the funniest movie ever made haha
The master of disguise (@ Movie Time w/ @jessicakluczak) http://4sq.com/HfogBP 
The Master of Disguise love this movie
All this talk about #turtle is makin me think of the movie The Master of Disguise "turtleturtleturtleturtle"
Final 4 Friday Fun Fact: Bill Self told me his least favorite movie ever is Dana Carvey's "The Master of Disguise." He walked out mid-film.
#LT surprisingly I remember that movie. It's like the master of disguise or something.
And I'm watching The Master of Disguise. I love this movie. It's so silly and cute.
GOOD movie!! RT @_beegee: so I'm sitting here watching TV and dude looks like a turtle.. and it reminded me of "The Master of Disguise" ...
#20ThingsIlove The Master of Disguise since its the greatest movie ever #hatersgonnahate
Watching "The Master of Disguise" on Netflix. I haven't seen this movie in years!
The master of disguise is such a good movie :)
“@jlea_gonzalez: " @SpudtheKid: The master of disguise is funny as funk!" Hahah buttercup:) I.love that movie!!!” hahah tip old but good!
RT @TURTLEthaTruth NW The Master of Disguise"tht was my fav movie
The Master of Disguise is still the best movie ever. Whoever disagrees wil have bad luck
The master of disguise !!!! Funniest movie
i cant not laugh while watching the movie the master of disguise http://tmblr.co/ZtfRywIF96Gi 
watching the master of disguise and wondering hoe i really liked this movie when i was younger #netflix
"@Lissa_Monaa: The movie The Master of Disguise is such an illuminati movie ." hahaha so true
The movie The Master of Disguise is such an illuminati movie .
WATCHING THE MASTER OF DISGUISE OMGOMGOMG FAVORITEST MOVIE EVER
watchin the master of disguise this movie is too funny
I couldn't finish that horrible movie, so I'm watching the Master of Disguise instead.
@kklaak i am the master of disguise! I am the master of diguise! Great movie! #classic
@KurdianLucie The master of disguise. Such a horrible movie. I love it :p
@elsyak haha pooty tang. Such a terrible movie. Mine would be The Master Of Disguise.
Okay, I'm done with all The Master of Disguise quotes, gosh I love that movie ♡
My substitute looks like the guy off of The Master of Disguise movie lol pic.twitter.com/EE3G36pJ
The master of disguise is back! Here’s a still from Johnny Depp’s next movie. He plays Tonto, ‘The Lone... http://fb.me/1AW34oZaj 
We're watching "The Master of Disguise" it's a silly movie- but you HAVE to love Dana Carvey! LOL
Netflix has The Master of Disguise I haven't seen this movie in forever lol watching this then sleep
The Master of Disguise does't get as much credit as it should that was a quality movie
#me the master of disguise, talk remember that movie?
when 'The Master of Disguise' came out in theaters I quoted it everyday. lol. if you don't remember that movie that's horrible.
Just finished watching the master of disguise with andy lol, its been awhile since I've seen that movie
Isn't your favorite movie the master of disguise?
Based on my movie tastes, Netflix has decided I should watch "The Master of Disguise." I have taught it well.
Watching The Master of Disguise , I missed this movie !
The Master of Disguise has to be my favorite movie ever .. old nf tho
The Master Of Disguise was my favorite movie . Lol
Watching the master of disguise!!! Great movie :)
The Master Of Disguise is the best movie ever #loveit #sofunny
I wanna skip work to watch The Master Of Disguise. I fucking love this movie.
Watching The Master Of Disguise ! havent seen this movie in a hella long time !
"I wanna b the master of disguise " used to b my movie
Watching a goofy Dana Carvey movie The Master of Disguise with @GamingWithMatt and @IAmKennaJane
“ @923_alicia: hahhhahahhaha The Master of Disguise is a very funny movie!!!!”it sure is I got it on dvd
Watching the master of disguise with my bro, I this movie
Remember that really great movie "the master of disguise?" @CocaColby
The Master of Disguise is the worst movie of all time.
I love the movie The Master of Disguise. Haha never gets old.
@NataliaDiaz_x3 doesnt she look like the turtle from the master of disguise movie
The Master of Disguise Movie 2002 http://www.blogtopsites.com/p/17595481 
5. Quali film ha girato? due piccole apparizioni in 'The Master of Disguise' e 'Frankenhood' e poi 'Glee Concert: The Movie'
I want to be the master of disguise ! Haven't seen this movie in years
OMG The Master of Disguise is on Netflix YES I use to love this movie gonna show my lil bro what kid movies use to be like
Did you see this #Movie from 2007? ❝The Master of Disguise❞ ($2.99) ⇒ http://bit.ly/zv41GG 
Im going to be the master of disguise, im going to be the master of disguise... <3 that movie
I CANNOT BELIEVE I JUST FOUND THE MASTER OF DISGUISE ON NETFLIX I LOVE THIS MOVIE
I want to watch The Master of Disguise. That's my movie!
The master of disguise lol i love this movie!!!!
Watchin the master of disguise.. Love this movie!! #sofunny
Watching the Master of Disguise :D love this movie
The master of disguise is the funniest movie ever. Dana Carvey is hilarious #rofling
Famous quotes from the movie: The Master of Disguise (2002): [From trailer] Devlin Bowman: ... http://bit.ly/xEoELW  #moviequotes #quotes
The master of disguise is like my favorite movie hehehehe:)
@Swirv_jr lmfao you've never seen the movie called the master of disguise? Haha
Watching the master of disguise! Ahhh. I love this movie.
@kristennn24 well obvs, its the master of disguise movie. turtle turtle turtle.
Does anybody remember that movie The Master of Disguise? #goodmovie
The Master Of Disguise LHHHHHHH “@Bri_MostWanted turtle turtle, lol....... What movie or show is that off of”
The master of disguise is by far the best movie ever
Lol @ the master of disguise . My fav movie when I was like 12 .
:'D it cud be! RT @Thu_ways: Sounds like a scene in the Master of Disguise movie :'-D RT (cont) http://tl.gd/fdsgnc 
Watching The Master of Disguise and I have missed watching this movie so much!!!!
Ohhh little buttercup. RT @ayoannis: The Master Of Disguise will always be my favorite movie.
Watching The Master of Disguise Movie :) on Netflix
People who think 'deuce bigalow 2' is the worst movie ever need to check out 'the master of disguise'. I'm still having flashbacks....
The Devil Inside is the worst movie I have ever seen. And, although I'm sad to say it, I've seen movies like The Master of Disguise.
The Master of Disguise is such a great movie.
Am I not turtly enough for the turtle club? Turtle turtle~ RT @GangsterFalse: Who has seen the movie The Master Of Disguise?
Who has seen the movie The Master Of Disguise?
Oh yeah the master of disguise I haven't seen that movie in ages
u know how i tweeted TURTLE earlier today well this is why.the movie i was watching was "THE MASTER OF DISGUISE"
found this on netflix I love this movie (watching The Master of Disguise) http://gomiso.com/r/z1dc 
watching "The Master of Disguise" this better be an interesting movie mark. -_-.
The master of disguise is a great movie. Are you watching it? @justinbieber: i am the #masterofdisguise
Watching 'The Master of Disguise' this movie defined my childhood :)
"THE MASTER OF DISGUISE" MOVIE...SO FUNNY...GOOD!!I AM UR GRANDFATHER!!!LOL....THE OLD MAN WAS DRESSED AS A FRENCH OVERWEIGHT MAID....LOL
Just watched the master of disguise. Possibly my favorite movie ever @sweetpatater3
Watching the master of disguise! Probably the most amazing movie of my childhood!! :D
The Master Of Disguise is a pretty crap movie imo
Movie number two. The master of disguise.
I rented 'the master of disguise' the funniest movie ever! pic.twitter.com/m5e4zNKR
Watching The Master Of Disguise; Hahaha i love this movie; [:
the master of disguise is the movie
I dont care how old it is (: I love watching the movie The Master of Disguise (:
8yrold STILL RECOUNTING the Master of Disguise movie. Apparently made up of fart jokes and impressions of GBush. HATEFUL. #DamnUDana
I haven't seen the Master of Disguise in years! That used to be my movie.
#nw The Master of Disguise, can't remember if I like this movie or not tho .
meeee (: “ @OhhHidalgo: Has anyone seen the movie 'The Master Of Disguise' ? (:”
@itskikiace ... zion fugdin broke the master of disguise movie...
Movies for tonights line up Beauty and the beast,Walk the line,Simpsons movie,Juno,scooby-doo2, and the master of disguise =}
Shotttttt!!! My fav movie!! RT @DRealestMizchiv: I waahhh watch the master of disguise too :'(
The master of disguise is a freaking hilarious movie.
@ryanbeckwith ask yourself whether or not it's fair to call "The Master of Disguise" a movie, and you have your answer. Loved him on SNL tho
im going to b the master of disguise! im going to b the master of disguise! im going to b the master disguise! lol i freakn loved that movie
"@RachelAlli5: Watching the master of disguise. Such a dumb movie but soo funny" #turtleturtle am I not turtley enough for the turtle club
Idc what anyone says, The Master of Disguise is such a funny movie!
First #RGEC movie is THE MASTER OF DISGUISE, too bad @Nickrob is dead.
And the first #RGEC movie is... Dana Carvey's THE MASTER OF DISGUISE!!! (somehow I've never heard of this "film")
The first movie is THE MASTER OF DISGUISE. What have we done?!? #RGEC
OMGOSH Im Finna Watch "The Master Of Disguise" IUsed To Love This Movie When IWas Younger :D !
Does nobody else love The Master of Disguise as much as I do? I mean, come one! The movie never ends! <3
Bout to watch The Master Of Disguise ...this movie cracks me up
The worst Dana Carvey movie I have seen is The Master of Disguise.
best movie night ever: forrest gump, the master of disguise, the shining. yep
"@seeYOUenvyROSE: watching "The Master of Disguise"" humor ass movie
My movie choices for this trip: rocky I, rocky II, rocky III, rocky IV, rocky V, rocky balboa, and.... The master of disguise
The Master of Disguise is the best movie ever.
The Master of Disguise Movie (2002) Download DVDRip Blu-ray (BDrip) DivX http://goo.gl/fb/S9sJd 
#nowediting the master of disguise on hbo hd .. bodoh kot movie ni.. penat gelak
My dad has on "Fletch Lives" on VH1 Classic. So basically this movie & the 1st one is just like "The Master of Disguise?" Hmm...interesting.
I remember when I used to be obsessed with The Master Of Disguise movie in 1st grade x] heh heh
Anyone remember the master of disguise? he was 'turtle turtle turtle' and @Whossurdaddy ? lol that was my movie! #UseATwitterNameInASentence
@JennifersWayJE just finished watching the master of disguise! Haha lovee that movie!
watching the master of disguise...i used to think this was an amazing movie, let's see if i feel the same way now!
HAHAHA. The master of disguise. The best movie ever :')
She sounds like that turtle from the master of disguise movie ahaha!
I wanna watch the master of disguise right now. That movie is sillly hahahahaha
I. Love. That. Movie. So. Much. RT @BunchesOBrady The Master Of Disguise Is On Netflix. My Next Hour & Twenty Minutes Will Be Spent Watching
'The Master of Disguise' is another one of my favorite movies. & it's so freaking quotable. @SammyCocks fabulous gloomy day movie choice!
Strawberry Dragon Project: Movie Review: The Master Of Disguise http://strawberrydragonproject.blogspot.com/2011/11/movie-review-master-of-disguise.html?spref=tw …
Watch: The Master of Disguise http://tinyurl.com/car9g4z  #movies #films #free #video #online #movie #film #video
Y'all remember the movie the Master of Disguise . Lol #turtleturtle
Watchin the master of disguise :) love this movie!
The master of disguise has horrible acting and just stupid, I use to love that movie
The master of disguise is the funniest movie
Lmao *sings* "I'm gonna be the master of disguise." I <3 that movie RT @MrsPinkyIvory Am. I. Not. Turtley. Enough. For. The. Turtle. Club.?
Having movie night with Josh, watching "The Master of Disguise". I guess Josh (my little brother) is my date for the night :D #Netflix
The Master of Disguise is truly the greatest movie ever created.
Is watching The Master of Disguise!! I have not seen this movie since it was in theaters!!
@bethanyhamilton omg youve seen the master of disguise?!?!!?! i love that movie. this is what ur doing......this is what i want u to do!!!
Watched Coraline, The Master Of Disguise, Son Of The Mask& & now watching Disaster Movie. I think Dylan died o: LOL.
About to watch The Master of Disguise. Haven't seen this movie in years #beyondstoked :D
@PeterKapow 5? Haven't you been reading the trades? This movie is on target to outsell 'The Master of Disguise'!
Bored in class; &'d i NEED 2 WATCH "THE MASTER OF DISGUISE" MOVIE
@myfakeironlung reason to be more afraid, Dana Carvey's first movie since the Master of Disguise. youch.
Whenever I see a turtle I will think of the movie The Master Of Disguise LOL
@nicolehoch Haha I got it from the movie "The Master of Disguise" I haven't seen it in years, but I just changed the word turtle to purple:)
Bruce Willis was the master of disguise in The Jackal. This movie never gets old.
#MoviesThatShouldntBeRemade The Master of Disguise tht movie has made me cry laughing I would hate to hear sumbody made tht movie garbage
I'm going to be the master of disguise! I'm going to be the master of disguise! Love that movie
Movie reviews: The Master of Disguise - by Katherine Johnson - Helium http://www.helium.com/items/1954986-master-of-disguise-dana-carvey …
I'm pushing 30. It's Saturday night. Just sat through the entire movie 'The Master of Disguise' and the kids aren't even here, Jesus Christ.
I LOVE that movie. RT @lhashash: THE MASTER OF DISGUISE is by far the best movie ever.
Does anyone remember the master of disguise movie!? Turtle turtle!
BELATED MOVIE MONDAYS WITH BIANCA:: week 4 suggestion:: The Master of Disguise
@E_Carl I love that picture! Kent looks like that guy from the master of disguise movie when he does that turtle thing!
The master of disguise is the fcking gayest corniest annoying movie ever I can't evendeal, Netflix you suck..
The master of disguise is such a good movie <3
Watching "The Master of Disguise" with the kids I'm babysitting. This movie always provides some good #laughter.
@RottenTomatoes The Master of Disguise! That movie was so bad haha but I love Dana Carvey.
@MitchellCox1 seriously the BEST movie ever! "I'm going to be the master of disguise" "man go into the water... Shark in the water"
So I'm watching the master of disguise and they plain a song from the cheeta girls movie. I Slickk wanna watch the cheeta girls now. >..<
Movie reviews: The Master of Disguise - by Katherine Johnson - Helium http://www.helium.com/items/1954986-master-of-disguise-dana-carvey …
Was just watching that! :D SO FUNNY RT" @BritttElliott: Watching the master of disguise aha, amazing movie."
I can't believe i'm actually watching my favorite kid movie of alllllll kid-tastic time!! The Master Of Disguise!!
Movie night with Nick. Benchwarmers and The Master of Disguise<3333
I love it too !! RT @bad_news94 That is MY movie hahaha it was stupid goofy!RT @DaDopeManBitch: #nw the master of disguise .
My math professor really does like the guy from the movie the master of disguise hahaha
Forgot how much I love the movie the master of disguise. <3
so i used to think that movie The Master of Disguise was funny af, but now its really one of the dumbest movie ever made.
The Master of Disguise. :DD Love this movie.
The Master of Disguise. This movie never gets old.
Movie #Comedy ❝The Master of Disguise❞ (2002) #TheMasterofDisguise Simple sweetnatured Pistachio Disguisey Dana ⇒ http://bit.ly/pyUEAX 
“ @TheRealMichealB: @AlecBaldwin Worst movie I've ever seen is probably The Master of Disguise” That was unfortunate.
the master of disguise is such an awesome movie
the master of disguise is the funniest movie ever!!! oh my lord...
@ChoclitReign he's the master of disguise (like i said the best worst movie ever made)
i was watching the master of disguise with some internet friends & it is such a bad movie i forgot how horrible it was
Watching the master of disguise, o swear this movie used to be way funnier when I was younger
Woow this was my movie back in the day ! #nowwatching The Master of Disguise
The Master of Disguise is playing. omg this was my favorite movie when I was little!!
My movie is on forreal ! .. The Master of Disguise ,
watching The Master Of Disguise i love this movie! haven't seen it in forever
Now I am watching The Master of Disguise! :) This has been my favorite movie forever!
i love the master of disguise. <3 #great movie.
@TurtleSexual lol there is in the master of disguise movie
Watching the Master of Disguise for the first time since third grade? I love this movie.
i wanna have a movie marathon &watch scott pilgrim, edward scissor hands, the master of disguise, the notebook, step brothers,& the hangover
POLL: What's the worst movie you ever paid to see? Mine's a tie between Transformers 2 and The Master of Disguise.
The master of disguise is still a funny movie #
Besides, the LAST movie Dana Carvey ever did was....The Master of Disguise....................Nuff said. #WhatAboutDana #WaynesWorld3
“@ammmbbber34: The master of disguise is THE funniest movie eveeer! Lmfao.” Hahahaha turtle turtle. :)
I'm watching the master of disguise ahaha I miss this movie
Movie reviews: The Master of Disguise - by Katherine Johnson - Helium http://www.helium.com/items/1954986-master-of-disguise-dana-carvey …
In the room watching The Master of Disguise.... I love this movie....
@mallaryhope lol :)(: i like that line in thr movie The Master of Disguise
the master of disguise is the funniest movie ever swear
Movie night with Arnisha :) watching one of our favorites The Master Of Disguise
The Master Of Disguise Was Always My Favourite Movie !
i NEED a movie judge NOW!!! what movie should i watch? E.T, The master of disguise, or the adventuresof pluto nash. i need answerz quick! :D
My favorite movie of all time is the Master of Disguise
Has anyone watched The Master Of Disguise? Its a hallirious movie!
Just watched The Master Of Disguise. What a movie. #jawsscenemademelol
My 300st #Tweet? Celebrating with a movie. And only one seems fit for the occasion. We're all thinking it. ...The Master of Disguise, yes.
@KittGang The master of disguise! MOVIE QUIZ PASSED.
The master of disguise is a funny movie forreal :)
The Master Of Disguise!!! Great funny movie! Turtle!! Lmao
#NW The Master of Disguise. I love this movie.
I need to bring the Master of Disguise movie from home to Boston.
This baby has the same look the Master of Disguise guide had when he said "Turtle Turtle" haha, boy do I love that movie.
Jus got done watchn "the master of disguise"...That movie is still funny to this day lol
Watching the master of disguise, such a #CLASSIC movie
That moment I realized that @Maria_CB is in the movie The Master of Disguise.
Man i wanna watch the master of disguise dat movie funny as Fuck
#NW The Master of Disguise. IDT this movie is supposed to be this funny.
Watching the master of disguise oh I luv that movie <3
The master of disguise has to be one of the funniest movies ever. Lmao, I love this movie!
@nikkiduj I still think the Master of Disguise was the worst movie ever made
#nw the master of disguise... Or something like that. Man that madea movie had a wack away ending
The Master of Disguise, Glitter, Battlefield Earth,EVERY UWE BOLL/PARIS HILTON MOVIE #moviesratedhigherthanTheUndefeated http://www.rottentomatoes.com/m/771245638/ 
WATCHING THE MASTER OF DISGUISE. BEST MOVIE EVER!!!!!!!!!!
Goofiest Family Movie... EVER! ;) (watching The Master of Disguise) http://gomiso.com/r/5dK1
THE MASTER OF DISGUISE IS ON! NO WAY, LOVELOVELOVE THIS MOVIE
I forgot what a shitty movie "The Master of Disguise" is
yesss The Master of Disguise on #netflix #winning i love this fukkin movie it reminds me so much of my cuz chyanne
The Master of Disguise #HBO old funny movie. Love this! :D
" @N_Geers: am i not turtley enough for the turtle club. turtle, turtle, turtle #nw The Master of Disguise" hahaha love that movie!
@zefrol Cuba tgk movie The Master of Disguise...u'll understand..heheh
@apissepet Salah movie ni bang...this one taken from The Master of Disguise heheh
Best ke cite tu u? Mcm bosan je RT @hallyssazmi: #nw the master of disguise. It is a good movie?
The Master of Disguise is the best movie ever, no questions asked. Tuuuurtle
Such a good movie!! RT @taylor_medlin "Watching The Master of Disguise for the first time ever. Better be good."
#nowwatching The Master of Disguise. OhmyGod, I miss this movie like asdfghjkl. Haven't watched this movie in ages. #HappyKid :D
#NW The Master of Disguise --- this movie cracks me up!
Yippee-Ki-Yi-Yay...Movie Reviews | A Clint Horvath Blog: The Master of Disguise (2002) http://yippeekiyiyay.blogspot.com/2011/07/master-of-disguise-2002.html?spref=tw …
#NowWatching The Master of Disguise . I haven't seen this movie in sooo long I forgot how fucking funny it really is
You guys! I totally forgot that The Master of Disguise is my favorite movie! I haven't seen it in years, but I remember it being my fave. :)
I can finally watch The Master of Disguise instantly on Netflix. I'm so excited. Favorite movie.
the master of disguise. now that's a proper movie! still hilarious :) great stuff haha!
The Master of Disguise is a good movie :D hahaa this is what you are doing *making his hand talk* this is what i want you to do *stops hand*
#nw The Master of Disguise .. Me and @keybangaa 's movie .
#nowwatching The Master of Disguise! Haven't seen this movie in years, I used to love it so much!
Ahhh ! The Master of Disguise ! I love this movie...
@HurricaneLoparo your worse than Dana carvey in the movie the master of disguise hahahaha really
@JZMayhem @tonydSEL ur worse that dana carvey and the movie The Master Of Disguise. That phone will be good, same as this but 4g
The Master of Disguise is such a bad movie but I LOVE IT!! #hilarious
Lmao! That's my shiiiit. RT @DOLLxEmelyn: im watching the master of disguise , lmaooo anyone remember this movie ?
Didn't get no sleep at all ... but watchin dis movie the master of disguise dis movie is 2 funny
the master of disguise on this is my freakin movie lmaooo
Up watching The Master of Disguise ! That's lil bro's fav movie @Org_JesseJames
The Master of Disguise might be the strangest movie of all time.
LMFAO! Watching the master of disguise. I havent seen this movie in years.
#NowWatching The Master Of Disguise xD Always loved this movie ever since I was little c:
Nw watching the master of disguise lmao movie funny
Watching The Master Of Disguise ..I Love This Damn Movie ...Lol
The Master of Disguise , i aint see this movie in years lol
Yay my movie is on The Master of Disguise
The Master of Disguise again but w/ my mom this time. I'm still cracking up. I don't think this movie will ever get old. #childhoodmemories.
The Master Of Disguise is a rather stupid movie...
Watching The Master of Disguise with the high school guys from my church, i love this movie
RT @IGotAssNCocaine #nw 1 of my fav movies: The Master of Disguise lol «Is that the "Turtle, Turtle!" movie?
The master of disguise is the funniest movie ever:)
Watching the Master of Disguise. Funny ass movie. Haha
The Master Of Disguise is a funny ass movie. I don't care how stupid it may be, it makes me giggle.
I'm soo tight. I missed the master of disguise. Bout to go on solar movie for that ish.
Just watched the end of The Master Of Disguise. Without a doubt, best movie ever.
Watching The Master of Disguise!!!!!! I LOVE THIS MOVIE!!!:)
The Master of Disguise is by far the best movie EVER! #classic
#NW :: The Master of Disguise.. Love this movie
Watching Dana Carvey's 2002 movie The Master of Disguise. He should reunite w/ Mike Myers and make a sequel to this.
Watching the master of disguise boss movie!!!!.
The Master of Disguise is a stupid movie.
@SahBiggavellz remember when we said Mr. G looks like the guy from 'The Master of Disguise', the movie is on now : )
Master of disguise is that movie!! I'm goin to be the master of disguise lol
The master of disguise is such a funny movie #classic
#Nw the master of disguise.... i still love this dumb ass movie lls
The Master of Disguise is on FX. Haven't seen this movie in a while
#NowWatching "The Master of Disguise." Funny ass movie.
Ayyyyyyy the Master of Disguise on....this used to be my favorite movie
The Master of Disguise is on. I remember I used to like this movie when I was little
#NW The Master of Disguise; Turtle, turtle hahahaha dis movie funny as hell
O_O They're giving The Master of Disguise on TV. :D Havent seen that movie in a long time.
#nw the master of disguise aka the greatest movie everrrr
The master of disguise is my movie
Nnt aku tgk..ko tgk a Freddy Got Fingered ..haha (x salah aku) RT @rafflethazzle: @hilla_killa88 Gi tgk movie The Master Of Disguise..heheh
@hilla_killa88 Gi tgk movie The Master Of Disguise..heheh
Turtle Movie #3: The Master of Disguise. Turtle, Turtle! http://www.cincinnati.com/freetime/movies/other/img/masterofdisguise.jpg …
The Master of Disguise..... Jajajaaja, so funny. Can't stop laugh to watchin the movie http://myloc.me/lloc0
watching the Master of Disguise! :D Best movie ever!
Why am I watching The Master of Disguise? I cant believe I loved this movie when I was a child.
watching the master of disguise! this movie is tooooo funny
I've just watched 'The Master of Disguise' on Star Movie, the storyline make my mouth non stop laughing! jeez
@ladygaga Your Paparazzi MV House Was Being On 'The Master Of Disguise' Movie Too~ Its Really Nice House
Watching the Master of Disguise! I miss this movie. Trrrtle!
the master of disguise will forever be the funniest movie ever to me <3
Movie Night With The Family (watching The Master of Disguise) http://gomiso.com/r/2tV4
Who remember that movie THE MASTER OF DISGUISE
does any1 remember dat movie The Master of Disguise i use 2 love dat movie
I feel like watching the movie The Master of Disguise. Haven't seen it in a long time.
#2 my favorite movie is the master of disguise :-) it is AWESOME
RT @jardizzoni: Fun fact: All of the characters in the movie 'the master of disguise' were played by Whitey Bulger, disguised as Dana Carvey
Teehee #NW The Master of Disguise @BigMeechDarrell my fave movie lol
#69factsaboutme ...45. I love Dana Carvey! The Master of Disguise is my FAVORITE movie! :-) "Am I not turtley enough for the turtle club?":)
#FrattBoii_Stud_Prince I miss that movie the master of disguise
Worst movie ever.. - RT @mollymeesh FINALLYYY The Master of Disguise came via #netflix
@musicismylyfee AHHH THE MOVIE IS CALLED the master of disguise!!!
Going to watch The Master of Disguise. Haven't seem this movie in years and yes I MEAN YEARS! This movie was made in 2002. I was 8 years old
No amount of lying to ourselves can change the fact that The Master of Disguise is a freakin' fantastic movie.
@CeeLoGreen like the character in the "Master of Disguise" movie?
The Master of Disguise (2002) ★ 3.0 80 min - Comedy | Family - 2 August 2002 (USA) http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0295427/
Lmmfao Watchin The Master of disguise...I LOVE this movie, freakin hilarious.!!
The Master of Disguise is and will always be my favorite movie.
watching The Master of Disguise!!! Haven't seen this movie in forever!!!
Watched 'The Master of Disguise' downstairs :) I LOVE that movie! Its one of my favorites! <3
I LOVE THE MASTER OF DISGUISE!!! it is an amazing movie! :)
turtle turtle lol .RT @ClassyGal2011: #nw The Master of Disguise... my favorite movie back in the day..its hilarious!
@soundworksdan watch 'the master of disguise' funniest. Movie. Ever.
@beLIEve777alive I hear the director of this 'movie' is quite the master of disguise and is good at hiding in plain sight.
Everytime Ramona says "Turtle Time" it makes me think of the Master of Disguise Movie. Turtle turtle turtle. *blinks* #RHONY
Ahhh a guy my mom is talking to looks like the guy in the turtle suit from the master of disguise movie
looking really hard to find The Master Of Disguise.... I just randomly had the urge to watch that movie.
.. The Master of Disguise :) my favorite movie. Hahah!
The master of disguise on HBO. How I miss watching this movie.:))
The master of disguise is too retarted oc a movie i fuckin love it. #boner
thinking about today brought back memories, and now i kinda want to watch "The Master of Disguise" x) bad or good movie? idk i was 6 xD
That movie is hilarious RT @YE_Ali: the master of disguise is a horrible movie
"Aww, shut it, its the Mystery Team!" I love this movie, its my shit! With the master of disguise @DonaldGlover
@OngoingBS Dana did star in that fantastic Movie, "The Master of Disguise"! that was...uh....um.....at least in the top 100 worst movies. :)
Watching the master of disguise. Lol this movie is funny
Has anybody ever seen that movie The Master of Disguise? I used to watch that movie all the time when I was little.
When I hear "Turtle" I think of The Master of Disguise which everyone calls a shitty movie but I liked it. Turtle. Turtle. Don't mind me.
RT @Leslierene23: Why am I watching the master of disguise and I love it it's hilarious < such a funny movie!
Watching The Master of Disguise, such a dumb movie, pero ay estoy viendola! haha!!!
haha i just saw @Maria_CB on "The Master of Disguise". Haven't seen that movie in such a long time...turtle turtle..haha!!!
dude in The Master Of Disguise movie looks like @riverscuomo
the master of disguise :) havent seem this movie in #years
Lol #nw The master of disguise ...I love this movie ...I just like to laugh before going to bed ..
Currently watching: the master of disguise. It's kinda funny. Though, parang sobrang walang sense ng movie na to.
The Master of Disguise on HBO!!! OMG haven't seen this in yeaaars!! I love this movie, it's hella FUNNY! :))
The Master of Disguise on hbo. Haha missed this movie!
OMGOMGOMG YES! The movie I've been waiting fr since morning, The Master of Disguise yay x)
The Master of Disguise (2002) - Movie: The Master of Disguise (2002) Director: Perry Andelin Blake Release Date: 2 A... http://ow.ly/1bJvfS
Ever see the movie, the master of disguise? It funny as hell :) you should watch it — Nope http://4ms.me/goKkQk
Best movie ever! RT@TylerTKIC: Gonna watch the Master of Disguise
Ahhh the Master of Disguise is on xD this movie is hilarious. "come again? A nest?"
The Master of Disguise!! I fucking LOVE this movie. n___n
WHAT!?! The Master Of Disguise is on. i havent seen this movie in forever. Motherucker #ImGhost
new video >> Movie Review - The Master Of Disguise (2002) http://dlvr.it/JZ6Mt #JessicaSimpson
Love watching family movie nights. Tonight: Laughing about The Master of Disguise.
Watching The Master Of Disguise. Gotta love this movie
Watching the master of disguise, this movie is soooo stupid!!
The Master of Disguise (2002): Movie: The Master of Disguise (2002) “A sweet-natured Italian waiter named Pistac... http://bit.ly/eZFL8H
#iwasthekid who couldnt stop telling jokes that were from the master of disguise movie lol
#nw: the master of disguise. I ain't seen this movie n awhile
Watchin The Master Of Disguise lOl i aint see this movie in so long
Omg I loovveee that movie lmao RT @_AngelicART #nw The Master of Disguise :P
Watching the master of disguise. Absolute favorite movie. You have no sense of humor if you don't like it.
whats your favourite movie ? :) — The master of Disguise! http://4ms.me/fjrS5m
Watching The Master of Disguise :D, haven't seen this movie in almost 10 years
@astoldbyKendyl yeah. Our movie was just on the other day! The Master of Disguise. I wish you were here now so we can watch it together
The Master of Disguise..greatest movie ever
Omg the master of disguise is on and we don't got that channel :( igot the movie but my dvd player is broke ! :(
Man the master of disguise is such a corny movie but I crack up everytime I watch it.
Watching the Master of Disguise, haven't seen this #movie since Nam lol
Watching the master of disguise! havent seen this movie in foreverrr. texxxt!
The master of disguise i miss this movie
Watching the master of disguise... only the best movie of all time.
heyyy the Master of Disguise is on..i remember this movie. "am i not turtle enough for the turtle club" hahaa
I'm going to watch The Master Of Disguise tonight for my next review. I'm dreading this more than I did the S Club Movie.
RT @thiswillsuffice: I'm going to the master of disguise, I'm going to be the master of disguise! / THAT USED TO B MY MOVIE!!!!
@jonacuff Worst movie for me is The Master of Disguise (or as hubby & I call it, The Movie Which Shall Not Be Named). 2nd - Made of Honor.
Watching the master of disguise...I love this movie haven't seen it in forever :D
@kopecks24 HECK YEA! Do you remember that movie 'the master of disguise'? Cuz he's pistacio :D
Why would Jeepers Creepers be trending? It's a terrible movie. We might as well be trending Dana Carvey's movie; The Master of Disguise.
Yo the Master of Disguise movie might be the dumbest movie ever. Main characters name is "Pistachio"
Dana Carvey is almost as funny as george lopez. He was the master of disguise, who disguised a pile of shit as a movie.
The Master Of Disguise is on!!! Greatest movie!! :D
Lmfao...i was watchn that the other day...RT @SmokeyBuddaButt who remembers that movie THE MASTER OF DISGUISE ?? ITS ON NOW TOO FUNNY
This actually wasn't going to be me second review. The movie I was going to review next was going to be The Master Of Disguise.
Watching The Master of Disguise. This movie is still hysterical years later
The master of disguise...I forgot how funny this movie was.
I think ima watch the master of disguise..I haven't watched that movie in lik 10yrs, it use to crack me up let's see if it still does
is watching the Master of Disguise. Man, I love this movie!:)
The Master of Disguise RT @Flight_Bound any movie suggestions twitter ? im getting food and watching a flick
There was once a movie called "The Master of Disguise." I'm not making this up.
India Made Me Keep Thinking About The Master Of Disguise. Funny Movie, lol.
#nw The Master of Disguise (cdfu rite now) this movie stupid
#NW "The Master of Disguise" this movie is too funny
the master of disguise, : Turrrrrtle ,turrrtle. :) ahahhaha i <3 this movie.
Tur..tle...turtle...turtle...turtle.lol..smh #nw the master of disguise movie...havent seen in awhile
Oh my god, the Master of Disguise is on aka CASERTA'S TWIN. Haha, where is Nicole, this is our movie haha.
Watchin The Master Of Disguise ^_^ this movie brings me back. It was made 2002!
watching The Master of Disguise a comedy movie,,,Lmao Shit is Mad Funny
now watching "the master of disguise". this movie about to crack me up!
I hate the movie The Master Of Disguise. Whack ass movie!
RT @TiaraMist the master of disguise has to be the DUMBEST movie i have everrrr seen.
watchin the master of disguise.. this was that fxckin movie!
"I want to be the master of disguise. I want to be the master of disguise" I forgot how funny this movie is!
#nw the master of disguise .....another kemplo movie xD
The Master of Disguise sama The Brady Bunch Movie kapan lagiiii?! :(
#nowwatching The Master of Disguise. It's been like, 5 or even 6 years since the last time I watch this movie
The Master of Disguise is on!!!! I fuckin love this movie! Fuck comcast!
....I AM the MASTER OF DISGUISE.... Love this movie! It's been a looooong time...
Watching the Master of Disguise with lil bro and lil sis. - This movie. omg. http://tumblr.com/x6uzqpjbv
About to watch the master of disguise with my family hahaha this movie is terrible, but it cracks me up.
@ItsMarisaMae @AllStarWeekend Pistachio makes me think it belongs in pudding or the master of disguise (movie) lol
"If sugar were a movie star it would be typecast as a villain." #ReadItB4UEatIt pg 29. It's the master of disguise spelled so many diff ways
RT @Jermz_VI: Am i Not turtle enuff for the turtle club ( omg lol I love that movie!! I'm the master of #DISGUISE!!! :)
@Aron1701 the actor is white, he acts in the movie the master of disguise as the actor who laughs and then farts.
I love all these free movies on demand :) The Master of Disguise. I remember how much I used to love this movie <3
This Old 2002 Movie Lol, The Master Of Disguise
Exposing my foreigner cousin to the finest movie America has to offer. Aka The Master of Disguise.
Watching the master of disguise. Can't. Stop. Laughing. Ahahaha. Mannn, this movie gets me everytime I swear!
watching the master of disguise. i love this movie.
Terrible movie is terrible. (watching The Master of Disguise via @gomiso) http://miso.io/bPg4uW
#926: The Master of Disguise is an amazing movie! I can't believe I found it! :D
Hahahah I freakin love that movie! "I am the master of disguise. Turrrtle." #sub
Elvis presley devil in disguise ||how to disguise face||: movie the master of disguise. adam ant beautiful dream... http://bit.ly/cIProv
@dropsofambrosia *gasp* I'M GOING TO BE THE MASTER OF DISGUISE, I'M GOING TO BE THE MASTER OF DISGUISE. LOVE. THAT. MOVIE.
Anyone remember the Master Of Disguise movie? Oh man. I want to watch that again.
Watching The Master of Disguise haha I loveee this freaking movie.
How to disguise an eraction (movie the master of disguise | world ...: disguise a patio heater. transformer robots... http://bit.ly/cmJLqh
Watching my favorite movie ever...The Master of Disguise 
watching the Master of Disguise XD I love this fucking movie!: http://yearbook.com/a/p3sgc
I am! .... The Master of Disguise! Lol.......... I Love That Movie
@stephensonmc the guy is like Dana Carvey in the master of disguise (I refuse to admit having watched that movie)
Just watched the movie The Master of Disguise with Dana Carvey. So funny.
#Nw The Master of Disguise. Haha i miss this movie. "Turtle Turtle" lmfao
Movie time: The Master of Disguise
@halesjoswin its off a movie lol. The master of disguise
I LOVE THIS MOVIE THE MASTER OF DISGUISE IT SO DAM FUNNY!!
Turttle turttle !!! Lol RT @Loso102: The Master of Disguise was a silly movie
...........just saw "The Master of Disguise" :D I looove that movie.
Movie reviews: The Master of Disguise http://bit.ly/4uklS3
Movie reviews: The Master of Disguise: This slapstick movie follows the adventures of a bumbling yet ambitious dis... http://bit.ly/aCYJWO
Movie reviews: The Master of Disguise - Helium: Vote Result read more [[ This is a content… http://goo.gl/fb/oMwXQ
Movie reviews: The Master of Disguise: This slapstick movie follows the adventures of a bumbling yet ambitious dis... http://bit.ly/bJgf1O
Went to see Easy A with nathan! Funniest movie ever! Cant wait to buy it! Now watchin the master of disguise and layin in bed and cant sleep
RT: @JEREMYoMASON Turtle Turtle !!!! lol what movie is that from??<=== The Master of Disguise...
The Master Of Disguise #throwback movie :) lmfaoo
Haha the master of disguise is a funny movie :)
"I'm going to be the Master of Disguise" this was my damn movie
The Master of Disguise is on :D yay this movie cracks me thee fuck up. Am I not turtle enough for the turtle club :D
Chatter 'bout Brent Download Free HD Movie The Master of Disguise (2002) - Watch ...: IMDB rating: 2.9 (9298 votes... http://bit.ly/bXc8qM
Get Movie: The Master Of Disguise 2002 http://flicknet.org/the-master-of-disguise-2002/
@_iheartzombies I've sat thru many a terrible movie. I could not get thru the Master of Disguise. *retch*
@anartmaker A really corny movie called "The Master of Disguise"
Watching "The Master oF Disguise" this movie is freakin funny!!!
He is the master of disguise doodoodooodooooo no you will never recognize cause he is the master of disguiseeee :) OMG I love that movie!!
Watching my favorite movie, the master of disguise
@NathanBrowning's favorite movie is The Master of Disguise.
Watching The Master of Disguise. WIN. I forgot how funny this movie was.
I love The Master of Disguise. Best family movie.
Omg The Master of Disguise is on. This movie used to be so funny =D
watching "the master of disguise" this is my movie lol
#nowwatching the master of disguise - i love this movie! "crazy! So crazy...it just might work!"
Haha watchin "The Master of Disguise." Oh man, haven't seen this movie in forever!
#NowWatching The Master of Disguise. LMAO this movie is hilarious...
RT @MzBluEMagiC lmfao! miss this movie #NowWatching - The Master Of Disguise /// Turtle...Turtle…Turtle!
New Movie in Streaming: The Master of Disguise (2002) http://bit.ly/ce70qp
Just finished watching "The Master of Disguise" with the hubby. Love that movie!
I just caught myself quoting The Master of Disguise. Does anyone else remember that movie? xD Are you turtley enough for the turtle club?
WHOOO FORGET MEAN GIRLS WE HAVE THE MASTER OF DISGUISE!!!! THATS MY MOVIE...TTTTTUUUURRRTTTLLLLEEEEEEEEEEE LMBO
The Master of Disguise is the greatest movie ever. You need to watch it. Yes...YOU.
Watching The Master of Disguise. It's his favorite movie.... ="/
just turned on the TV to see... the ending credits to "The Master of Disguise." Sad moment! The movie is so cheesy, it's fantastic.
Anywaiz the master of disguise is on.. I love this movie!!
Watching "The Master of Disguise" before work! Loved this movie for yearrsss :)
#Watching the master of disguise. That was my movie, back in the day.!
The Master of Disguise is my happy movie :)
I watched The Master of Disguise earlier! I've forgotten how much I love that movie (:
*singing* I get to be the master of disguise RT @RealLifeAirBags: lmao the master of disguise is on this was my fav movie when I was younger
"I want to be the master of disguise" love that movie
Omg now I'm watching the Master of Disguise! This movie is soooo stupid but yet u still find me cracking up!! Oh man!
About to watch the master of disguise aha haven't watched that movie in a long time x)
Watching the master of disguise!! I love tis movie lol
watching my all time favorite movie The Master of Disguise. <3
Watching The Master of Disguise. Never realized how shitty this movie this was. I need to watch Wayne's World to cancel the bad Dana Carvey.
Wow, I forgot how shitty of a movie The Master of Disguise is. It's a good thing Hook is also on!
Watchig this movie called The Master of Disguise dang this movie is hilarious
Watching the master of disguise xD lol it's such a good movie :) I miss my friends :( I feel traped here :/
Watch movie : "The Master of Disguise" http://tinyurl.com/3x3m3dg
"The Master of Disguise" is on Encore. This maybe the worst movie of 2002 and all of the 2000's. It's so horrible. I like Dana Carvey but...
Watching a movie at home. The Master of disguise!! One of my fav movie!! Makes me LOL
#nowwatching The Master of Disguise #movie http://bit.ly/9BHwAj #download #film
#nowwatching The Master of Disguise. <33 i love this movie!
The master of disguise is a terrible movie hahah
#DanaCarvey, Does anyone know a free movie site where they have 'The master of disguise'? With dana carvey lol.? - http://ow.ly/1qEoey
Lookin at this movie the master of disguise this mess is toooo funny #deadserious
RT @NikiB_SJPromo Watchin the master of disguise. I'm trippin.!! Lmfao!! <===hahaha that movie hilarious!!
Ha im watching the master of disguise this movie is extra STUPID
The Master of Disguise is such a weird movie.
Watching the master of disguise...love this movie!!
The Master of Disguise! Love this movie-->Become another person!(Pistachio voice) lol
The master of disguise is a funny movie lol. You all have to watch it!
lmao~! :) i love this movie! Check this video out -- The Master of Disguise (2002)- Prince Lalijama http://youtu.be/zqY9ExI0M30
#nw The Master of Disguise I found this movie sooo funny when I was younger
Watchn the master of disguise....i love this movie! <3*BIEBER*FEVER*<3
the master of disguise is the stupidest movie
I haven't seen the master of disguise on forever! This movie is funny :)
oh, shitt! the master of disguise. havent seen this movie in dayss!
lmfao, does anyone remember the movie The Master of Disguise? you're kewl if you do
the master of disguise is comin on....im so excited havent seen this movie in yrs
@joyzie hahahh hey im goign to Docklands for free outdoor movie this evening at 7pm. The Master of Disguise. wanna join? :D
New movie added New post: The Master of Disguise (2002) http://find4free.co.uk/?p=16451
I dnt know if I'm the only one but I love the movie The Master of Disguise....
Movie 224: The Master of Disguise #moviemarathon
That movie was dumb as hell and it was not every funny. It was wace of my time (The Master Of Disguise)
Trying to watch this movie. But am tired and am ready to call it a night. Watching ( The Master Of Disguise)
I do too! Aw I haven't seen it in so long though :-( RT @KLynnBaybee: Watching the Master of Disguise I love this movie lol
Lol omg I so forgot how funny the movie "the master of disguise" is
Not that The Master of Disguise wasn't a great movie ... oh wait it was awful
RT @YesImFetch: #WhoRemembers the Master of Disguise movie? "Am I not turtley enough for the turtle club" lmao | LMFAOO! i do
watching The Master Of Disguise. ha i love that movie. "turtle turtle. TUUURTLE! it's ...: http://chatter.com/a/80qvt
tsk tsk at the master of disguise movie
the master of disguise is a dope movie, even funnier 12 years later lol
Watching "The master of disguise" this movie is 2 funny
@irockhellyeah ooooh. that's the master of disguise movie right? :D
the master of disguise was on hbo or something and it completed my life for a few minutes. PISTACHIOOOOO!!!! hahahaha, love that movie!!!
The Master of Disguise police cut that one short. I must disappear *POOF* WHAT ARE YOU TALKING ABOUT? THERE ARE NO LAME MOVIE REFS HERE
watching the master of disguise. i love this movie.
"the master of disguise" is a GREAT movie
wow the master of disguise is on starz on demand, havent seen this movie in years lol
Watching the master of disguise I love this movie lol
How funny. Dylan and cole sprouse were in The Master of Disguise movie. XD
Crackn up laughin at the movie "the master of disguise"...turtle turtle..lmao
Bahaha "The Master Of Disguise" LMFAO! This movie kills me everytime. lmao!
"Going to be the master of disguise" Don't know why but that movie keeps me rolling!
Watching The Master Of Disguise, Best Movie EVER!!!
Ako. KIDDING. The movie!!! HAHAHA. Just watched it. SABAW RT @lesleyvmartinez: Sino?! RT @gabpangilinan: THE MASTER OF DISGUISE. HA. HA. HA.
Watching The Master of Disguise :) I used to hella love this movie! its so corny xD
