username;date;retweets;favorites;text
Darya really think she should've been in the movie You Got Served she knows the whole intro
You Got Served Is my favorite dance movie
@ayeisha_tamara honestly I only fw that song aaaand that You got Served movie that was a seminal point in my life lmao
On ''You got served'' what was #Omarion name in the movie? A,Rico B,Elgin C,David D,Wade pic.twitter.com/Uf5YVTS68v
my favourite movie as a young lad was "you got served" because it might have been the only time I have seen white guys crip walk
Watching You Got Served lol that movie was tight when it came out
You Got Served, Bones & Tyler Perry's Temptation are in a 3 way tie for worst movie ever.
Worse than you got served? RT @__Blest: 3 minutes into snowpiercer and it's the worst movie plot I've ever heard
You got served really my movie
You Got Served movie still knocks!
#TBT You Got Served. So glad to have been in this movie and be a part of dance history https://www.instagram.com/p/_JEsm_Pd5h/ 
You got served is the best dancing movie of all time.
We need a You Got Served appreciation day breh that movie legendary
The acting in You Got Served was so bad that it made it a legendary movie
like if you love the movie you got served we can be best friends
Mannnn even lil Saint from "You Got Served" n this movie
the movie "you got served" be like... pic.twitter.com/5URtBovagf
My roommate over here reciting You Got Served and the movie ain't even on lmao
On ''You got served'' what was Omarion's name in the movie? A,Rico B,Elgin C,David D,Wade pic.twitter.com/Uf5YVTS68v
You got served still has one of the cleanest intros for a movie
You Got Served is a top 5 movie in black history
I wish I was able to be in the movie You Got Served. Folks was so live #CurrentlyWatchingYouGotServed
you got served the greatest dance movie ever
At the age of 19, I sit here & watch "You Got Served" & I do not understand why I loved this movie so much!
Watching You Got Served. This movie was trying to force Whites in. Pathetic. What can you expect @BET isn't about Black any longer $$$
You Got Served is the best movie of all time.. How did these guys not win an oscar?
I can't help but think of the movie You Got Served when I hear about #SaintWest because I'm sure they'll be calling him "lil Saint"
You got served use to be my favorite movie I know every single word
You Got Served is on & its like wowwww. Can't believe I actually liked & watched this movie. It's so corny! Lol
You Got Served is on tv!!! My child-hood favorite movie ever
cuz "You Got Served" is like the best movie ever! Zuhhhh https://twitter.com/Keepingupwithri/status/674233015816556544 …
Maybe Kimye the movie "you got served" and named their first born son after the mem of lil Saint @oldmanebro @EBROINTHEAM @LAURASTYLEZ
I see @kanyewest's favorite movie is You Got Served, we loved Lil Saint too but well...
Kanye Named his son Saint in Honour of Lil Saint, the Guy who died in the Movie You Got served LOOL
@kevoo93 you got served will always be in my top 10 movies man that movie has a dope soundtrack too
@kevoo93 I like it lmao it reminds me of the movie you got served w lil Saint lol I don't like the name north tho
Swear You Got Served is my movie
Kanye West obviously loved the movie "You Got Served". He did it for you lil homie pic.twitter.com/68c4Rzer2x
Watching you got served. Omm this movie will never get old!
You Got Served is honestly the best movie , fight me on this !
You Got Served is such a delightfully terrible movie.
omggg, i love that movie! "you got served", right? https://twitter.com/alenniiii/status/674039142347636737 …
You got served is a WHOLE movie about street dancing... Like a movie about street dancing... Is that a thing?
You Got Served had to been the corniest movie!!!!
When you catch a movie at the best part AKA dance battle at end of you got served
You Got Served That Movie !
I will never get over Lil Saint getting killed in You Got Served...it breaks my heart every time I watch this movie
I'm watching "You got served" and lil saint just died and I teared up like I ain't seen this movie a million times before.
"You got served" is like a Disney hood movie
The end of you got served is the best part of the movie
You got served will always be that movie!
They should've gave Fizz more speaking roles in You Got Served cause other than that Fizz was just an extra in the movie
I never realized how bad You Got Served is until I got older, but I still love this movie lol.
Lil Mike and I are chilling watching our favorite movie YOU GOT SERVED and yes he's doing all the dance moves!! Lmao
After hearing about "Saint West" I thought about "You Got Served & do it for lil Saint" now the movie is on
you got served rlly my movie
When you really think about it, You Got Served was a terrible and ugly movie.
Remember You Got Served? The B2K movie? Yea I'm watching it
I love the movie You Got Served
My movie you got served on . Im mad I missed the beginning , I know all the dances
you got served is forever the best dance movie
You Got Served is on BET !!! although I've seen this movie 10,000 ! Fr though !
You Got Served is still one of my favorite movies and I still know ALL the dance moves from the movie. I was really in love with @1Omarion
You Got Served On!! Aint Seen This Movie In Years Mann
It's a shame I know the whole You got Served movie
You got served on ... Swear this movie be makin me wanna just getup & dance.
. @KimKardashian is it true u and Kanye named your son after the character from the blockbuster movie You Got Served? #RIPLILSAINT
@TILLXR I think it You Got Served or sumn but that movie was lit.
You Got Served is Kim & Kanye's favorite movie #SaintWest
to make this name better they have to call him lil Saint and you got served gotta be his favorite movie
Remember when that nigga sunny from the movie 'You Got Served' stole the dance routine and went to the rival dance crew smh
Soon as Kimye's baby is old enough, I hope they show him the "You Got Served" movie so he understands WHY he keeps getting called #LilSaint
Kim & Kanye must be big fans of the movie "You Got Served." #LilSaint
They decided to call him Saint after watching that B2K movie with Marques Houston right? You Got Served, with Lil Saint?
I don't mind Saint as a name, I just keep thinking of that you got served movie lol
"You Got Served is the greatest movie ever. Me and Marques Houston are the best acting duo in HISTORY! #RIPLILSAINT" - Omarion
If Hip Hop was the "You Got Served" movie Drake would be Wade
You got served the funnies movie ever https://twitter.com/devonthesav/status/673684474530390016 …
This reminds me of the end of 'you got served'. What a movie https://twitter.com/theciassicjams/status/672143446107402240 …
Gonna watch You Got Served today, it's the greatest dance movie to ever do it.
My sister danced like she could of been in the movie You Got Served pic.twitter.com/0H9mxBpgJ7
On ''You got served'' what was Omarion's name in the movie? A,Rico B,Elgin C,David D,Wade pic.twitter.com/Uf5YVTS68v
Southern be having "you got served" live in the cafeteria.. No need to get the movie
Marques Houston getting jumped for his "merchandise" on You Got Served top 5 most hilarious movie scenes ever
No dancing movie will ever top You Got Served
This episode of South Park about You Got Served is fuckin hilarious. That movie sucked so bad.
You Got Served RT @_ThisIsImani: Favorite dance movie?
The craziest thing about 'You Got Served' was how the worse actor/actress in the movie was the one person with actual acting experience.
Who remembers @JoeBudden pump it up in You Got Served movie..
Watching "You Got Served" ... This movie is terrible lol
Y'all notice how David on You Got Served said Sonny was "going to get his" & Sonny was never seen again the whole movie lol
Watching you got served this my movie!! Lol
I can't believe that You Got Served was my favorite movie at one point in life.
You got served is a terrible movie
Lmao at VH1 showing you got served and I was just talking bout this movie
I never realized how lame you got served was back in the day that movie is so lame
You got served lowkey great movie
Legit prolly spent 25% percent of my life watching You Got Served this my favorite movie
You got served is on I used to love this movie lol
Watching You Got Served and thinking how did I ever think the dancing in the movie was cool
On ''You got served'' what was Omarion's name in the movie? A,Rico B,Elgin C,David D,Wade pic.twitter.com/Uf5YVTS68v
That You got served movie is hilarious looking back now
when I have on hats and I'm dancing I feel like I belong in the movie you got served or something
You got served! The original dance movie
You Got Served used to be my favourite dance movie hey
You got served is the sickest movie ever made
A Segment from the Up and Coming "You Got Served: Origins" Movie https://twitter.com/earlsbottomlip/status/666445255718383616 …
What's the last movie you watched? — You Got Served lol sick one http://l.ask.fm/igoto/45DKECN75V62DDAUPY6IQO7L72DTHLASRPTOLR5RCD43F55JRBZZCZKJFZBM6RBQKC67WGKEA4YFKEQPY43OA7PQPXYKVBJAWQDVHFCJB5OTWI7UAOEDO4HRT2SPJWT2266ZQHRJ3LMH7BEEISIAKELC73PG75EP73LU3YKYYDZY2SG4A5WFRRPR6BB3L5OOYN6A==== …
@SummertimeRiCE @hooksventura @Nahmyjee You Got Served also lol can't say that movie ain't great lmfao
The best riot ever was at Lakewood Movie Theater when You Got Served came out the riot lasted at least 45 min
You Got Served is my movie brahhhh
You got served, will forever be my favourite movie
@Dreaux_ it does when you go into the kitchen and start sliding like you in a you got served movie
You got served was the movie that got me checking out black guys
You Got Served will always be that movie. Best dance movie hands down
You Got Served really the firest non gangsta gangsta dance movie ever.
You got served is that movie fr though
You got served been my movie this movie funny and all
I'm watching You Got Served and god damn this movie sucks. Lol
You Got Served is the worst movie ever lmao.
On ''You got served'' what was Omarion's name in the movie? A,Rico B,Elgin C,David D,Wade pic.twitter.com/Uf5YVTS68v
You Got Served is on , this movie use to go hard lmao
I once watched You Got Served as a kid and at the end of the movie i tried doing tricks like how they did heh
You got served is my all time favorite movie
You Got Served BEST BLACK MOVIE EVER @1Omarion
You Got Served is going hella quick through MTV lol lol smh -_- :( madd commercials not enough good of the movie
Watching "You got served" on @MTV @1Omarion CLASSIC MOVIE LOVE IT!!! I LEARNED THIS WHOLE DANCE MOVIE MAN AND WOULD DO IT OVER N OVER
watching you got served this my mf movie #BFF
I've watched You Got Served so many times, I even have the movie on dvd and I'm BARELY seeing Fizz on here
When u watch it now, "You Got Served" was by far the wackest movie ever made
You got served still a fye movie.
You know your a 90's baby when you still get hype when watching the movie You Got Served
You got served is a really annoying movie now, just like Colombiana
You got served is my movie
you got served is actually the worst movie I've ever seen in my life. nothing more thug and coming of… https://instagram.com/p/-WieZNMp1O/ 
"you got served" was the the movie when I was growing up
When people judge you because your favorite movie is You Got Served but you don't care because in your heart you know this movie is fire
On ''You got served'' what was Omarion's name in the movie? A,Rico B,Elgin C,David D,Wade pic.twitter.com/Uf5YVTS68v
You got served will forever be the greatest dance movie
I want a You Got Served movie where the lead is a dancing process server
You got served used to be my favorite movie
This is Kidz Bop 8 mile in a You Got Served movie #Empire
@tamaraaxo_ Fr like sit down he said a dance battle lmfaooo it's step kid no need for extra. He swear he in a movie like you got served
The movie You Got Served is HYPE!
You Got Served is hands down the absolute worst movie in the history of movies.The acting makes my fucking stomach hurt.
You got served really the best dance movie out
You Got Served is forever my favorite dance movie
Damn Remember We Was Shorties Folks Are Favorite Movie Was You Got Served @Bosscapo073
Sitting here watching you got served like I've never seen this movie before lol this still my shit
You Got Served is literally a terrible movie
The last part of "You Got Served" is my favorite out of the whole movie
You got served is the lamest movie I've ever seen in my life
Your MCM favorite movie is You Got Served
You got served is a great movie idc what anyone says
Once I start watching You Got Served for the 100th time I gotta watch the rest of the movie everytime to see what happens at the end
Not many movie characters (that I like) piss me off more than Marques Houston's character in You Got Served.
You Got Served is on again my fav dance movie everrrrr
you got served use to be my favorite movie
On ''You got served'' what was Omarion's name in the movie? A,Rico B,Elgin C,David D,Wade pic.twitter.com/Uf5YVTS68v
You Got Served is still the best dance movie ever .
Oh my word You Got Served is playing on 108... This movie will never get old! (The acting is pretty bad though)
I hate you got served , never liked this corny ass movie lol
Bruh You Got Served is on that was my movie when I was little
I remember back when I first watched You Got Served as a little kid. Thought it was the greatest movie ever. BOY WAS I WRONG LOL
You Got Served Gotta Be The Corniest Movie Ever B
You got served will forever be my favorite movie
I really legit hate the movie You Got Served.
you got served still my movie
Bored Watching "You Got Served" Pretty Good Movie Still... who's up?
You got served is the most over dramatic black movie ever
You got served >>> favorite movie
Watching You Got Served. I forgot how good this movie was
@chrisstokes1969 @VH1 Laying in Bed watching You Got Served love this movie news a part 2 to this.
You got served use to be my movie!
You got served is on!! I swear I know this movie verbatim.. Smh
Tbh The movie you got served still goes hard
It's so hard to focus on my English project while You Got Served is on...idk why i love this movie so much
You Got Served is the cheesiest movie of all time
lol I was a kid when you got served came out. I feel old lol. This movie is part of my childhood. #YouGotServed
You got served really my FAVORITE movie but I need to go to sleep .
I literally just did the whole dance to the beginning of 'You Got Served' that's how much I love this movie
You got served on !! They should've had me in this movie on the dancing side
You got served just came on VH1....this movie is a dance classic lol the opening scene still lit lol
nw: you got served first movie i ever saw in the movies def a classic
On ''You got served'' what was Omarion's name in the movie? A,Rico B,Elgin C,David D,Wade pic.twitter.com/Uf5YVTS68v
Okay this my last one y'all you got served my favorite movie pic.twitter.com/ClH9JmVZ4q
you got served 3 starring odell beckham jr, cam newton, and the original cast from the first movie. in theatres soon
Omarion The Only Nigga From You Got Served That Didn't Fall Off After The Movie
Every black movie with music or dancing somebody little brother die ...you got served and straight outta Compton
"You Got Served" the only dance movie I acknowledge... Lemme download it right quick
@ISG_ATH It's one thing to ask for equality, it's another thing to stand outside and dance around like the movie You Got Served
If you've never seen You Got Served don't speak to me. That movie. Bless the producers. Bless all the actors. Bless the choreographers.
Watching "You Got Served" and MY GOD! The acting is disgusting. what did we ever see in this movie??
You Got Served was THE dance movie
There needs to be a new like legit you got served type of movie already
You got served is even worst! I watched that last week and was smacking myself the whole movie like whyyy are you watching this
And they took our PS2 I believe & glow in the dark remotes and our "you got served" movie smh worse
You Got Served used to be my favorite movie I need it on @netflix ASAP
You got served was that movie when it came out lol
Thts what I call Relationship Goal.... From you Got served movie when Omarion and Jennifer freeman had REAL!! Chemistry
You Got Served is the most legendary movie idc idc
When You Got Served came out. You couldn't tell me I couldn't dance after watching that movie
Fun Fact: Justin taught himself how to dance! You saw him in the movie You Got Served. Can he do it for Lil Saint? Will he be our winner?
As a kid we all tried to do the dance movies to "You Got Served" after watching the movie
you got served is such a dope movie
You got served was an amazing movie
On ''You got served'' what was Omarion's name in the movie? A,Rico B,Elgin C,David D,Wade pic.twitter.com/Uf5YVTS68v
"you got served" Sean cracks me up in this movie I can't (Vine by @sassparrilla) https://vine.co/v/eL0vDMPthZi 
After watchin you got served and rise...battling at the movie theatres
Every time I hear pump it up by joe Budden, I remember you got served and just wanna start imitating the dance moves from the movie.
On ''You got served'' what was Omarion's name in the movie? A,Rico B,Elgin C,David D,Wade pic.twitter.com/Uf5YVTS68v
You Got Served. Terrible movie but one of the funniest things ever. https://twitter.com/sydnialexxx/status/662382569330184192 …
ANYONE WHO WATCHED "You Got Served" AND DIDNT GROOVE WHILE THE MOVIE WAS ON, IS A LAME!!!!
@DevonElle360 reminds me of middle school dances when we had dance battles like in the movie You Got Served
Fav tv show Hey Arnold & fav movie You Got Served https://twitter.com/seemyprettiness/status/662073477000773633 …
Was "You Got Served" a good MOVIE?
You got served. Nobody in that movie mentioned school 1 time (despite everyone being portrayed as high school aged) https://twitter.com/smooth_orator/status/661729345921134592 …
This Stomp The Yard, You Got Served Ass Movie...
@I_AmLuis_ listen to heaven - nas #tb to the movie you got served lol
This is how the movie You Got Served began. https://twitter.com/jake_melder/status/660906273144115200 …
Odell Beckham Jr. favorite movie probably You Got Served
wow You Got Served is really my fave movie
@anthonydmadison @SeanLDurham i was actually being serious... Sean, there was a movie in the 2000s with Omarion title YOU GOT SERVED
she said I look like mario from the movie you got served
For those who haven't seen You Got Served watch the movie on Netflix before commenting on me and the squads Halloween costume
waiting for the next dance movie to come out , something similar to you got served , it is funny how crazes repeat every ten or so years
I want to watch you got served again. That movie makes you want to get a crew and try to get some money !
everytime I ask zyion to put a movie in, he put in "you got served" just to try & dance like them LMFAO
I love the movie You Got Served.. I love it so much that I'll put it on just to watch the beginning and the end
You got served RT @cupcake83: Temptation RT @MyTweetsTrashAF What's the funniest movie that's not supposed to be funny?
On ''You got served'' what was Omarion's name in the movie? A,Rico B,Elgin C,David D,Wade pic.twitter.com/Uf5YVTS68v
Tales from Micah: someone got banned from the movie theatre he worked at for yelling "you got served" during passion of the Christ.
you got served was a pivotal movie in my childhood.
Omarion and Fizz still look like the You Got Served movie scenes youngins lol lol #LHHH
You Got Served. Best comedy ever. RT @NotLikeAnt name a movie that you know is terrible but you love it anyway
My favourite dance movie has to be 'You got served'
So I was watching BAPS and I just got salty about this boot leg You Got Served movie that just came on
@Oge_writes lmao. OK o. I really like this movie- you got served.....! He did me proud that's why I wasn't quick to....lol.
you got served still my movie bro
ATL is the same caliber movie as You Got Served.
YOU GOT SERVED ( THE MOVIE ) BE LIKE......... https://vine.co/v/OjM0Qb9QmE2 
You Got Served is my favorite dance movie!!
You Got Served was a horrible movie but the dance scenes were epic!!! Thank GOD someone on YouTube just got the dance scenes!
You got served is so lame lol I can't believe I found this movie so interesting when I was younger
I done watched You Got Served so many times I know the movie word for word and the dance moves lol
How come no one told me You Got Served is literally a perfect hood movie
Watching You Got Served thinking about how different Lil Kim looks now compared to how she looked in this movie.
That dumbass movie You Got Served
You got served is the best dance movie of this generation. You can not tell me otherwise.
When your just now noticing that Fizz from LHH is in the movie You Got Served
i am watching 'you got served' for the first time. this is amazing. this entire movie is one big ass flip phone.
You got served is my fave movie
You got served is an all time favorite movie of mine
You Got Served was a horribly acted movie.
You Got Served is such a horrible movie lol I'm ashamed to say I used to watch this faithfully
I just woke up to go pee .... Wtf is You Got Served on ? I freaking hate that movie
You Got Served was that movie. They did it for Lil Saint
The sickest part of the movie you got served is at the end when that #joebudden song pump it up comes on #classic
You got served will forever be a filthy cold movie
you got served is a classic dance movie.
You got served was a fire movie
If Lil Kim never had those surgeries, she would probably look as good now as she did in the movie "You Got Served".
Watching you got served. I still love this movie
I used to love ‘You Got Served’ now i hate the damn movie.
You got served will always be my favorite dancing movie .
My favorite movie on. You got served
child You Got Served is on... I use to love this movie.
You got served is the worst movie ever and I still watch it
Did you know there was a movie called You Got Served? LOL!! What a stupid movie. And, yeah, use nicknames. That'll help your popularity.
Know all the words to You Got Served cause this is really my movie
In other news...You Got Served is on this movie goes so hard!
Looking back at you got served this movie was sooo corny
You got served is still a sick movie!
Damn You Got Served is on too .. Another cultural movie
Whenever You Got Served come on you gonna end up dancing at some point in the movie, no matter who you are
The dance movie era was special...some people watched stomp the yard...some watched you got served...and then white people made step up...
There should be a movie about digital advertising called You Got Served (Relevant Ads Based On Your Previous Browsing History)
She must of never seen You got served. That movie was LIT
As I watch you got served I begin to realize that Steve Harvey was one uglass nigga onnis movie
Remember that movie, "You got served". That shit was awesome in middle school
On ''You got served'' what was Omarion's name in the movie? A,Rico B,Elgin C,David D,Wade pic.twitter.com/Uf5YVTS68v
Watching: "You got served"such a old nice dance movie .
You got served, the most important movie of our generation, is on. I've got poes all to do for an hour so #livetweet
You Got Served was my favorite movie when I was younger omg, I always wished I could dance like them :(
RT @93Bpm: RT @JonRaff: Southpole spent their entire $17,289 net worth on sponsoring the You Got Served movie.”
Okay but a modern day you got served would be amazing I loved that movie
You Got Served was my favorite movie lol
I don't care what anybody gotta say You Got Served is the best movie ever
that was stepping you got served was more versatile and it's the original dance movie https://twitter.com/enijah_jacquee/status/653444321971056640 …
"You Got Served" intro is top 5 movie intros ever
On ''You got served'' what was Omarion's name in the movie? A,Rico B,Elgin C,David D,Wade pic.twitter.com/Uf5YVTS68v
You Got Served is the greatest dance movie of all time
You got served the best movie ever.
i really want to watch 'you got served' that's my favourite movie ever
If I were to compare myself to a role in a known movie, it would be Steve Harvey in You Got Served. I know everything
RT @JonRaff: Southpole spent their entire $17,289 net worth on sponsoring the You Got Served movie.
Last time he claim to have produced a movie which is a copy of "you got served" & wonder which book he copied now ? https://twitter.com/Mr_Antesh/status/651672344482709504 …
Usher, oversized basketball jerseys, Nike Air Force ones, and the movie you got served. My early teens were the shit
@ElonaNazaryan @Seddddaaa_ @_melineee this was when "you got served" was everyone's favorite movie hahaha
"Seen all @BIGGIEsmalls147: try "step up" 1-4.. Thank me later.. @ItsLekanBalo Best dance movie is still.. You got served.. Argue on ur TL"
The original 'You Got Served ' is the only dance movie I can watch/tolerate
Watching "you got served " and this movie is so lekker man
every time I hear/see "Omarion" I instantly think of the movie "You Got Served" haha
None of yall remember this Omarion, B2K, you got served is the best dance movie of all time https://twitter.com/egyptianyo/status/651237347053436929 …
Omarion inspired me when was 15 with you got served dance movie, if you are a dancer and needs inspiration that movie might move you.
On ''You got served'' what was Omarion's name in the movie? A,Rico B,Elgin C,David D,Wade pic.twitter.com/Uf5YVTS68v
Dammmnn you got served was the movie https://twitter.com/worlddancevines/status/648649189132500993 …
Gotta put T Will in the next You Got Served movie
Nobody was paying jhene aiko any attention when she made "down for you" on the "you got served" movie soundtrack #baebae
The south park episode about the movie 'you got served' makes me laugh at the actual movie.
@ShiriSayss Hell No! You got served that movie!
I seriously love the movie You Got Served so much.
You Got Served was everything to my 6th grade self. I know all 4 of @airfizzo's lines in that movie.
You got served is such a classic movie idc what yall say .
Example.. You got served. I love it. But in real life, that movie is so trash.
Amber needs to pay Attention to the movie "you got served" and get off her phone all ugly ..
You got served is my favorite movie
The movie You Got Served, except at the end, one of the dance crews serves the other with subpoenas and moonwalks out.
Everybody that I know snapped me that they were watching You Got Served. I felt the love because they know that's my movie
You Got Served is such a dramatic movie lol
You Got Served is my movie!!!
Sitting here watching you got served in the living room by myself saying every word to the movie. I need my @simplyebby_x3
You Got Served probably has to be the worse piece of shit movie ever made
PSA: YOU GOT SERVED IS ON, DAS MY MOVIE
you got served is really such a legendary movie!! those moves r timeless
You got served is by far my favorite movie
I just realized Stomp the Yard and You Got Served the same movie
boyyyyyyyyyy yo old movie onnnn you got served we gone do it for lil saint @Airfizzo
You Got Served still my movie.... #Classic
you got served is probably my favorite movie of all time
you got served is and will always b my fav movie
You got served is really so corny but this use to be my favorite movie ctfu
You Got Served was the movie of the year in 2004 I remember being so hype and excited in the theater watching it
You got served is the best movie ever !!!
You Got Served is my faveeeee movie. I be killing the part where they was dancing in the rain lmao.
"You Got Served" is a terrible movie.........but I can't stop watching it every time it comes on.
You got served then Atl movie night by myself
when You Got Served on and this deja favorite movie
Watching you got served like damn this movie was so terrible
ok it's been years since I watched you got served...this movie is ridiculous lmao
I can't even believe that I actually use to like the movie "You Got Served"
You got served Is probably the best movie ever
watching You Got Served used to watch this movie all the time
you got served , forever be my movie
You got served will always be my favorite movie
There are maybe two movies containing worse acting than You Got Served, and one of the 2 is another movie with Omarion lmfao
You got served movie be making me want to dance
If she doesn't know about the movie You got served, then she's too young
The only proper dance movie I acknowledge is "You Got Served" Fuck all that other bullshit!
RT @JonRaff: Southpole spent their entire $17,289 net worth on sponsoring the You Got Served movie.”
You got served really my movie tho
Thought my life was going to be like the movie You Got Served for the longest time
Today was my "watch a movie that Netflix is about to take off" day so I watched You Got Served and immediately regretted it
@NiqueSoGorgeous they need to play the movie so I can see the You Got Served Scene
"You got served" will always been my fav movie
This nigga Tone be thinking he in You Got Served movie the way he be going off in the battles
I be dancing while they dancing on you got served lol ion know why they ain't cast me for the movie I know all they moves lol
You got served will forever be my favorite movie
You got served is my movie
Im glued onto the screen..you got served is still the best dance movie hands down.
When You're Watching You Got Served And Just Noticing That Columbus Shorts Is In This Movie pic.twitter.com/EpRiRLEzR4
you got served my movie, b
You Got Served is on and it's making me remember how much I love the soundtrack for this movie. The songs are A+!
I heard a familiar song to a very familiar movie just to figure out my roommate watchin You Got Served
you got served is on and this was my fav movie when I was like 5 why did my mom let me watch this back then lol
no step up movie will ever compare to you got served
I can watch a movie a thousand times and eyes still be glued to the tv. you got served is on.
You Got Served is really my movie
you got served got the best opening in movie history
You Got Served #DVD #Movie Special Edition Omari Grandberry Marques Houston http://buff.ly/1Mwzk1A  pic.twitter.com/gWNu5o6H7X
@yogurl_skylar the movie "You Got Served "
MY FAVOURITE MOVIE EVER!!! YOU GOT SERVED! #Throwback peyonce_pearl https://instagram.com/p/8GKgmlk2e4/ 
You got served was such a great movie back in the day...
"You Got Served" on etv.Realize how far slang lingo has http://come.One  on the movie is so awkward now.
Step Up And You Got Served.. Imma Let You Finish But Stomp The Yard Is The Best Dance Movie Of All Time
You Got Served is the ultimate dance movie. You're lying if you say different.
Stomp the Yard was in between a terrible to mediocre movie just like You Got Served yet I can't help but watch both!
You Got Served will probs be my fav dance movie of all times
I bet chop is watching his you got served DVD again, that's like his favorite movie
@Shelovesmeechie maybe he is a huge fan of the movie "you got served" and is trying to reenact it
You got served is my fav dance movie
I'm not gon lie, You Got Served is a shitty ass movie. Bit that's the most fun I've ever had in a movie theater ever I had to see it twice
You Got Served was the movie though! Had everyone wanting to create a crew https://twitter.com/youfunnyb/status/576846040428462080 …
You Got Served was a classic movie lol
You Got Served was such a bad movie. I had to laugh to keep from crying.
Watching You Got Served for the millionth time. This is the best corny movie ever
Finna start a crew so I make another you got served movie
You Got Served used to be the scariest movie of my childhood idc what anyone says
You got served was that movie
I'm bout to watch you got served again I haven't watched that movie in forever
I forgot how lit you got served is, they started the movie off killing shit
The movie "You Got Served" is a perfect example https://twitter.com/SanOGram/status/646386337067700225 …
Remember when You Got Served was the cleanest movie?
I remember watching "you got served" all the time that movie was lit
You Got Served will forever be my movie
You Got Served is still the best dance movie ever made
You Got Served ! I love this movie
Ain't no dance movie like the first You Got Served, Stomp The Yard & Step Up 3D.
Yall remember the movie "you got served"? Cause yeah pic.twitter.com/Tg1gBfNQWV
There's so much wrong in You got served that I never realized when I watched this movie countless times before
You got served is really a corny movie Lol but the dancing so tight
"You got served" movie was raw as fuck
You got served is so corny but this my movie lol
Battlefield America DVD kids hip-hop dance contest movie You Got Served NEW! $3.59 via eBay http://ift.tt/1W6F6LP 
You got served used to be my fav movie !
LMAO HE DID THE YOU GOT SERVED MOVIE MOVE https://twitter.com/_kelsssssss_/status/609067635154759680 …
From the movie "You Got Served" to "One Hell of a Night" tour... This man has accomplished a lot yet… https://instagram.com/p/7vS5STMmJh/ 
The Sauce Twinz mad that Drake "stole their dance" are you serious ... You Got Served gotta be they fav movie ....
I wish I could of been in the movie You Got Served :/
@moJO_SHabby @kwm901 I've got some truly sick dance moves. The movie "you got served" was unauthorized biography of my youth.
Does any one remember the movie you got served?
You Got Served is the worst movie of all time.
I watched You Got Served until the disc stopped working, and I feel like no one even knows about that movie.
Step up 2 vs You got served vs Stomp the yard vs Save the Last Dance .Best Dance Movie Ever? Answers
Bro tell me this isn't from that you got served movie @TChuck42 https://twitter.com/worldstarvlne/status/643149983827365888 …
watching all throwback movies tonight . me & #1 movie @TheyLoveKailee first you got served
You can't tell me that You Got Served wasn't the best dance movie to come out
Check out my Documentary on BreakBoy Wicket he was a dancer in the movie "You Got Served" and has been break... http://fb.me/JQZxckJR 
The "Promise" group and the "You got served" group... Because we copied Ciara's dance moves and the You Got Served movie.
Thought she was in the movie You got served man fuck @its_nabills https://twitter.com/nikowavy/status/642184057921507328 …
This for @prod_official I'm sure he could do any move in this movie "You Got Served". Heard this how he got started pic.twitter.com/bt1R0DjQFX
you got served still my favorite movie
You got served will never not be the best dance movie of our generation don't fight me on this
What movie can you watch over and over again? — You Got Served http://l.ask.fm/igoto/45DKECN75V62DDAUPY6IQO7A72NDLIQUSPT6DDN6KHV2XYNMYIYI2Z2MF5GMAQJ2KOZPKHQEJQUH4DB7YEV7M2VONS5LPBR5UUARBEY3C53DWGP5B6MTGOHPZS2PFWD7SCSMUBQC2TTHDFMILWLAES3NVXGHNYUKYTFGLYDTQOPPYP7SFZZWHX6M6NPKJ47XTQI72VY= …
You got served on Netflix that was my favorite movie ever!
THEY HAVE YOU GOT SERVED ON NETFLIX OMG MY FAVORITE MOVIE OF ALL TIME HOLY DICK SHAJFNSGNABSS
I forgot how icy the movie "you got served" was
Saddest movie deaths: 1. Mufasa on lion king 2.Selena 3. Big Mama on Soul Food 4.Lil Saint on You got Served 5. Gee baby on hardball
My brothers tryna get me to crump w him like they do in the you got served movie like we used to when we was younger
@sunshine_dlzxx dancing in the rain got me thinking of the movie you got served.
Lil Saint from you got served is still the hardest death I had to deal with in a movie.
@Frankie__Mariee the real ones do! Lol G-Baby was the saddest child movie death. Then, Lil Saint from 'You Got Served'. Lol
Ive watched it for like 1000 times. Still the best dancing movie ever. — watching You Got Served
Hahaha.. Something like a "You Got Served, Movie scene" right? @Mister_Ld https://twitter.com/trafels/status/640917663179481088 …
You Got Served is an awful movie. I thought it was everything when it came out. It's so bad lol.
You got served was probably the hardest dance movie that ever came out
@nikongarrett idk bro, you got served was my movie growing up .
"When you look back at You Got Served, you think 'What a horrible movie' " _Sbo
Watching you got served and instantly think of @loriehowlan used to be our favorite movie!!
you're a liar if you said that you got served wasnt your favorite movie when you were younger
"You got served" will forever be my favorite movie
YOU GOT SERVED ( THE MOVIE ) BE LIKE......... https://vine.co/v/OjM0Qb9QmE2 
Idccccccc, You Got Served was the best dance movie ever!!!
We just gon pretend like @JayBullfrog_LBR wasn't in the movie You got served? pic.twitter.com/ATnF4rcYEf
You got served still top 10 best movie of all time
You got served RT @Loski007: Paper Soldiers, my God RT @JeffEsquire: 6. Worse movie you've ever seen? #Esquire8
You Got Served is the only movie that made me wanna be a B-Boy for like 30 mins .
You got served is still a bad ass movie
Dej loaf is bad AF to me. Except for when she's dressed like a backup dancer from the movie You Got Served.
The ultimate dance movie! ★ You Got Served — https://path.com/p/1uWG17 
Never will we see a dance movie greater than You Got Served. Dance For Yourself To Save Your Brother In The Rain Alone
"You Got Served" is a pretty dope movie
I seen this little girl that should have her own You Got Served movie cuz she was killing Futures Lay Up track
Any dance movie suggestion? Lain dari Step Up, Stomp The Yard, You Got Served, Footloose, Honey
YOU GOT SERVED STILL THE BEST MOVIE EVER
You got served still such a good movie!!
You got served is my movie
You got Served was on during my workout! Every time I watch that movie, it reminds me why I dance.
watching you got served, this movie still tite to me lol
Lmao watching You Got Served with my son it reminds me of when me and my sis would watch this movie over &over when we were in middle school
I'm watching you got served. We actually thought this movie was good
you got served really my fav movie ever!!!!
@CurlyHeaded_Fck Recorded the next "you got served" movie on his story they down there doing it for lil saint
we been kicking it since K Swiss & the movie "You Got Served" she… https://instagram.com/p/62UDQhI-EqH9FDamc6tRA7ibVxj2S8KC6bUPU0/ …
He watching you got served ... I know this whole movie by heart
You got served is the best dance movie don't @ me
You Got Served was such a trash movie, but it's still a classic doe
You Got Served was such a lit movie.... Classic
You got served - Final Battle!!! Bmt my favourite movie http://youtu.be/svsLt5QcuQY 
The beginning of you got served is prolly the best the dance seen in movie history
Think its safe to say that You Got Served is the greatest dance movie https://twitter.com/kendy_gabriella/status/635530511046328320 …
This 'You got served' movie reminds me of how I started dancing. Missed my childhood too tho.
You a faggot if You Got Served wasn't your favorite movie at a time.
You got served is that movie
You got served was my movie
You never saw Sonny again during the rest of the movie on You Got Served after Omarion was like "Sonny gon get his, don't worry bout that."
Lil Saint in You Got Served RT @55mmbae: movie deaths that affected you the most... GO!
Remember when You Got Served first came out!!! Movie was LIT!
Honestly you got served is the best dance movie
you got served is soooooo corny and ridiculous I can't deal with this movie
You got served a live ass movie but them niggas can't act for shit BRUH
@Dre2Niceee Hmmmm You Got Served Because All The Breakdancing. The First Dance Seen In The Stomp The Yard Was The Best Part Of The Movie.
Watching "you got served" ian seen this movie in foreverrrrrrr
@Eilanor31 you got served. dance movie yon hahaha
naijee said "you got served a dancing movie or basketball?"
On the real though, I haven't had that much fun watching a movie since You Got Served lol #StraightOuttaCompton
the most fights i ever experienced at the movie theater was when You Got Served came out smh ...the Irony lol
They need to make another movie like You Got Served
You Got Served was a great movie... pic.twitter.com/tdOU9lyMtG
You got served really that movie
You got served best dance movie to touch down https://twitter.com/youngzayguwop/status/631283596599394304 …
But I SWEAR When He Kissed Ol Girl On You Got Served I Wanted To Fight Everytime I Watched That Movie My Mama Left The Room
i fux wid you if u fux with you got served. that movie was the shit.
You not gone sit here and tell me You Got Served was a bad movie.
When you got served is yo favorite movie https://twitter.com/dancegoais/status/619552603609825280 …
Watching: You Got Served on Crackle (via @crackle) https://shar.es/1t49vX  via @sharethis This was my movie! Still a classic!
Watch You got served on Netflix. Best movie on there
You Got Served is such a old movie, but I never get tired of it
Lol I used to LOVE the movie You Got Served when I was liddo
You got served has and always been my favorite movie
you got served is such a good movie lol.
The best dance movie was "you got served"
The rain scene from You Got Served the most legendary scene of any movie in the last 25 years.
You got served, will forever be the best dance movie.
Bruh you got served is my movie he fine https://twitter.com/jahwahh/status/609731175863549952 …
My favorite movie will always be You got served
You got served is on @netflix brb bouta watch this!!! Used to love this movie as a kid
You got served was my favorite movie as a kid
You Got Served was a good movie but it was terrible at the same time lmao let's be honest
"Your motto is 'To Protect and Serve'?" "Sure. Like that movie, 'You Got Served'"
I love the movie you got served
Went to Walmart and found a You Got Served and Stomp the Yard double feature movie in the $3.75 bin! #score
Only movie I rate above it is Step Up 3. RT @D2_Of_Swiss: You Got Served is still the best dance movie
"you got served" the movie where whites thought they could beat blacks at dancing
You Got Served is the best dancing movie of all time
When I was little me and @_DurrBoy use to dance the whole you got served movie out
@MitsMarie41197 it's the goat wtf you got served the best movie don't ever compare it to stomp the yard
Is the movie "You Got Served" pretty much an older version of Stomp the Yard lmao
You Got Served was my movie
Great movie on an unusual channel: You Got Served on Oxygen
You Got Served prolly the best movie ever
You got served for the win! Good movie right here lol
You got served is my movie but the acting in it is just horrible
How can you not like the movie You got served?
You Got Served is my movie yo
@MarilynMayson a Dance Movie, Like Step Up and You Got Served? You got good moves.
You got served is on haven't seen this movie in a min
"You Got Served" >> any other dancing movie.
If you have never seen the movie You Got Served something is definitely wrong with you
Watching you got servedmy movie
No dance movie is going to surpass You Got Served
Old school,, still the best dance movie ★ You Got Served — https://path.com/p/3gw8bo 
Watching You Got Served Raheem Loved This Movie
I just realized Fizz is in the movie You Got Served
For a movie, You Got Served has the longest intro ever
Watching this movie on Netflix. Pretty intense. It's called You Got Served.
who else thinks they can dance good after they watch a dance movie like you got served or stomp the yard ?
You got served was such a terrible movie lol
THIS FOR LIL SAINT (you got served movie) pic.twitter.com/1nKcfPxFA0
Now that I watch You got served all over again after all these years ... I'm just realizing how corny this movie is lmao
Watching You Got Served, I loved this movie ever since I was like 6 lbs.
I wanna reenact the movie you got served
I'm watching You Got Served. I forgot how entertaining this movie was lmaoooo
Anybody remember that movie "You Got Served"? That movie was dope, until Magic Mike stole it's thunder.
You got served was my favorite movie growing up, I would always try to do there dance movies
Swear there will never be a movie better than "You Got Served" .. That type of movie at least
Is it weird that I choreographed the entire you got served movie
Watching You Got Served...this movie was my childhood
Me and @ErrythingPhroze watching You Got Served. We over hear weak. Ain't seen this movie in years lol
You Got Served is my all time favorite movie
You got served best movie ever
You Got Served was a corny ass movie but them fools was DANCING their asses off! #DoingItForLilSaint
You got served is a good movie . I can watch it everyday
Watching a major throwback!! Lol "You Got Served!" Used to be my movie fr fr!
you got served was my movie when I was little
I’m watching You Got Served…. This movie was garbage. My gawd in heaven.
Rest up Saint! RT @_AlyssaCapri: Movie night. Tonight I'm watching a classic. You. Got. Served.
Watching You Got Served now that I'm older and not in love with Omarion and Marques Houston... I realize how terrible this movie is
You got served will forever be my favorite dance movie , idc idc
Corey Favorite movie is You got served
I legit got so excited because I found the movie you got served ok Netflix lol turning up rn
you got served was that movie !! https://twitter.com/dontemacc/status/626011022445318149 …
You got served was such a dope movie
@saprizu1 @joebudden The Main Track Of The Last Battle In The Movie "You Got Served"
I'm up watching the big homey @columbusshort1 in "You Got Served" a lot of ppl saw this movie and… https://instagram.com/p/5yfaPQsOWV/ 
You Got Served is on Netflix. This is literally my childhood summer go to movie lol
You got served is actually my favorite movie
Netflix just KNEWWWW You got served is movie
Im watching you got served and my lil brother gone ask me "what movie is this"
the scene in "You Got Served" where Omarion is spinning in the rain takes it from just a movie up a level to a FILM #cinematicgenius
In "You Got Served" & "Stomp The Yard" i didnt care about missing the whole movie as long as i seen the Dance battle part at the end
I need to watch You got served, that was my movie bro
Watching You Got Served with Kelsey and she mad cause I know the movie word-from-word
Which movie better?? Retweet For Stomp The Yard , Favorite For You Got Served !
“ @JuniorGrant0: Does anyone else watch a movie and wish that you was in that movie?” Definitely Immanuel with 'you got served'
Havent been this excited for a movie since You Got Served lol
Wann aint neva seen da movie you got served.
You got served made Joe budden pump it up cause that's all niggas do is the moves when the song came on in the movie song wasn't shit
Why is the soundtrack to 'You Got Served' better than the actual movie ? Also why am I watching 'You Got Served' ?
You got served was that movie
I Swea You Got Served Is My Favorite Movie
You got served has been my fav movie ever since I was a little kid
Watching you got served this use to b movie !
You Got Served used to be THAT movie.. I just watched it again & realized how corny it is
you got served is really my favorite movie fr
I want to have a classic trash movie night & watch Hardball, You Got Served & Fighting Temptations.
I use to think you got served was the dopest movie ever lol now I'm just like TF
Those girls who dress like girls from the movie "you got served"
You Got Served is the best low budget movie ever.
you got served is a terribly great movie
@TheDogOG Bro him in You Got Served. That movie was dope
You got served was that movie
You got served will always be my fav dancing movie!!
Jesus Christ in his own version of the hit movie "You Got Served" "You Got Saved: The Crossover" https://instagram.com/p/5px-5jLRXV/ 
I'm really watching You Got Served and this movie is TERRIBLE
You Got Served. Horrible movie but it gets me pumped.
lmaao aye You Got Served is a horrible movie... tbh
You got served = best movie ever
Idc you got served used to be the best movie hands down!
You got served is still a badass movie ,
you got served is on Netflix literally learned how to dance from this movie
The only good thing to come out of that awful you got served movie pic.twitter.com/sSMuYP4YZW
All the step up movies and you got served used to be my movie
You got served is the throwback movie everyone loved
Watching You got served after years. I had no idea Megan good was in the movie! Wow I wasn't paying attention
The "You Got Served" movie always had me hyped lol!
Yaz came in and the music changed up like her name was "Nikki the Villain" in a You Got Served Part 5 movie. #ChefJulian @BlackandSexyTV
You Got Served was like my favorite movie as a lil ass kid too. RIP Lil Saint
you got served is my fav movie
IM HYPE AAB YOU GOT SERVED IS MY FAVORITE MOVIE
You Got Served My MF Movie
You got served my movie I'm glad it's on Netflix
you got served a top 10 movie all time
Watching you got served, this movie use to be my shit
I thought You Got Served was a great movie 10 years ago. It's even better now.
Watching,you got served,I used to love this movie when I was a child still love it thoo
Gotta finish watching You Got Served when I get off lol I loved that movie growing up
You got served really that movie
If you pay close attention in the first scene of you got served Columbus short was in this movie lol. Nigga been dancing for a while.
I think I start hating Raz B more because of You Got Served, like that movie made me hate him so much
I only retweeted this cause I like the movie You got served . https://twitter.com/dancegoais/status/619552603609825280 …
Been having a movie night by myself all night lol. Now you got served
I let jai pick what movie to watch and of course she picks you got served
Watching: You Got Served #MajorThrowBack this movie inspired me to dance used to stay watching this lmbo
You got served is the best movie ever.. Never gets old
Watching you got served with my brother and remember how corny this movie is hahaha still love it though
You Got Served Forever My Movie
I don't want a funeral. Instead, rent out a movie theater and have a double feature of You Got Served and Rugrats In Paris.
Omarion was so fine in you got served movie
You got served is such a bad movie but I love it
you got served = funniest movie ever
watching you got served...this movie is irritating now
You Got Served used to be my favorite movie when I was a little kid
Lmfao you got served is my favorite movie dude.
my night gone end pretty good now....you got served is on netflix ....this my movie lol don't judge me
you got served is on netflix.... YOOO THAT WAS THE MOVIE
You got served my favorite movie
Currently watching You Got Served. This movie brings back sooo many memories hahahaha.
Bahah from the you got served movie https://twitter.com/DanceGoaIs/status/619552603609825280 …
You got served still the hardest dance movie ever made.
You got served is surely my favourite dance movie.
Watching You Got Served on Netflix lmao this movie so lame. But I loved it back in the day.
you got served is like my fav movie ever
RT @JonRaff: Southpole spent their entire $17,289 net worth on sponsoring the You Got Served movie.
@MeleMaia like if Kids Bop had a "You Got Served" movie it would be like that
So mad I just watched you got served that movie really just ruined my whole night
: ' you got served ' used to be my movie .
"You got served" might be the worst movie ever.
When you put on You Got Served and I know every word This was my movie
You got served is my movie yo it came out on my birthday and I was hype as shit
The last dance scene from You Got Served is still the best dance scene in any dance movie recently since.
Oh heck yeah! You got served is on Netflix now! That my movie!!!
Anybody who knows me knows that you got served is my favorite movie of all time, I could watch it 10 times in a row
You got served was the best dance movie ever that MF was live & omarion was just so fine back then
@BigBoiLance Trying out for the you got served 2 movie coming out?
YO YOU GOT SERVED IS ON NETFLIX!!? That was my movie back in the day!
Shanell: what is this movie called? You just got schooled? Me: ummm... YOU MEAN YOU GOT SERVED? HAHAHA
you got served my favorite movie , but certain parts I can't see
Netflix don' fucked up. My movie, You Got Served on here. Or am I late?
Growing up, You Got Served was my favorite movie
You got served is the best dance movie of all time
I can't never watch the whole you got served movie I always turn it off lol
You got served the movie got me TURNT AF right now.
You got served was the movie
You got served is still the goat dance movie https://twitter.com/xchemoni/status/623383952078716928 …
You got served is a good movie until lil' saint passes away
Why didn't anyone tell me You got served is on Netflix my movie. I know it word by word ...
You Got Served was actually a funny movie. Them dance moves got me dead af
You got served will always be my favorite dance movie
You Got served use to be my fav movie
@chrisstokes1969 bra you got served is most def the corniest movie of all time! i cant believe that shyt was in Theaters.
I've always wanted to be in a dance movie ever since I saw.."You Got Served, Stomp The Yard, Step Up" etc but I can't dance to save my life.
you got served was my faaaaav movie ever back then
:) New HD Movie! YOU GOT SERVED 2: BEAT THE WORLD (2011) - Dance-Music, Must Watch! STORYLINE: Three dance crews... http://fb.me/3R0iLGAvx 
:) New HD Movie! YOU GOT SERVED (2004) - Dance-Music, Must Watch! STORYLINE: In order to achieve their dream of... http://fb.me/21e2hsS6D 
@BLACKKRAY im watching you got served the movie directed by chris stokes. U fuck wit it?
If you haven't seen the movie "you got served" do you know what dancing is?
Watching you got served this use to be my movie lol
They got You Got Served on Netflix the greatest movie of all time
How is you got served only two stars on Netflix? As far as I'm concerned that's the greatest movie of our generation
watching you got served makes me remember how bad I tried to break dance after I first saw the movie
You Got Served is still tight as movie idc hahaha
Favorite movie of all time "You got served" facts a
You got served is the hardest movie man
If they come out with a You Got Served 2 , I'm deff in that movie lol.
I watched you got served for the first time in forever last night. That used to be my favorite movie
Yoooo, You Got Served was my movie! I remember watching that movie so many times lol pic.twitter.com/Y7mqQN2MzL
Fave movie scene: Final dance battle in You Got Served.
You Got Served is on Netflix!?! that was my fav movie back in the day lol
You got served is on Netflix one of my top blackbuster movie
Man was You got served ever in theaters? It feels like a movie made for tv
This reminded me of you got served I loved that damn movie https://twitter.com/dancegoais/status/619552603609825280 …
There's never been a good movie about breakdancing. The closest one I can think of is 5th grade me's opinion of You Got Served.
You got served will always be a live movie
Just now seeing you got served wow this movie sad
My Movie Night First: You Got Served Then: Stomp The Yard Y'all don’t know how hype I am about this
You Got Served>>> every other dance movie of the 21st century IDC IDC IDC
That song Is from my movie fav movie. "You got served" https://twitter.com/dancegoais/status/619552603609825280 …
You got served favorite childhood movie
You got served was a dope dance movie.Dont know how step up 5 got to the cinema
You got served is on Netflix now hype... But they should of had me in that movie
You Got Served might just have the second best soundtrack ever on a movie. Ludacris - Stand Up Anthony Hamilton - Comin From Where I'm From
This lit fr . You got served still my favorite movie ! https://twitter.com/dancegoais/status/619552603609825280 …
You Got Served is the best movie
You got served will forever be my movie lol
You Got Served (The Movie that started it all) http://bit.ly/1gHmEd9 
You got served is a top 5 movie of all time basically
When they cute but dress like an extra in the you got served movie pic.twitter.com/AS5v9BNxFS
you got served is still the GOAT dance movie
You got served always a good go to movie
watching you got served on Netflix I never realized how corny this movie was lmao
You got served is on Netflix! That's is my movie!
The damn movie got a dope a** soundtrack — watching You Got Served
You got served Movie lol
You Got Served is on Netflix and like it's such a great movie I love it
You got served will forever be my favorite movie
@Raika_Rashidi but of course nothing beats you got served. as in that movie is a classic
you got served is my favorite movie
I watched You Got Served for the first time in like 7 years and I just realized how corny that movie is haha
Lowkey, every non dancing scene on you got served feels straight out of a bet movie
Watching "You Got Served" this is my movie
"You Got Served" is easily the best dance movie of all time idc what anybody says fam.
If you think about it back in the day you got served was a good as movie but now when you watch it it really isn't shit it's really terrible
It's been 5 ever since I've watched you got served. I was obsessed with that movie. Well only because of Omarion
Oh nah they fucked up putting my favorite movie You Got Served on netflix. Imma watch this shit everyday
You got served I love this movie
"You Got Served" the first movie listed under the inspiring movies section on my Netflix lmao
I've watched You Got Served like 4 times since Monday I just can't find a better movie at this point
You got served is weak until the end of the movie
You got served is my fucking movie
I couldn't get through 15 minutes of You Got Served before realizing how corny this movie was...
Lmfao the part when they loose to the white kids in you got served is the funniest part in any movie I ever seen
If you don't like the movie You Got Served, you can't fuck with me...
"You got served" is on netflix that movie's my shit
You got served is really a hof movie
Got so excited cause you got served is on Netflix that was my favorite movie when I was little
Im soooo happy You Got Served is on Netflix , its my fave movie !
You got served used to be my movie
Watching You Got Served. My favorite movie of all time, especially back in the day
If I had to pick one movie from my childhood to watch for the rest of my life , it would be you got served
That movie You Got Served inspired me to start a dance crew @J_Posley @Tredoo @theregojc wtw?
You Got Served will always be my favorite movie
You got served is such a good movie. RIP Lil saint .
Im sitting here watching You Got Served man these dances was so lame & wack & we us to think they was so turnt in this movie
You got served on Netflix. Fav movie as a kid
You got served is the most goofiest movie in the world
You got served will and has always been my favorite movie
I thought You Got Served was the best movie out there when I first watched it, right on up there with Honey. #growingupratchet
I watched you got served for the first time yesterday... Lol good movie
You got served is my movie man lol
@ohhmyylexiiiii thought there was only 1 you got served movie...¿
You Got Served is the funniest movie ever
The movie is called 'You Got Served' — Heard of it but never seen it. http://ask.fm/a/c9qga865 
you got served was mine and my sis's fav movie and i just saw its on netflix
You got served movie cold.
I guess I'll watch You Got Served because this movie ain't getting it
Watching you got served this used to be my favorite movie
You Got Served used to be my favorite movie.
Would I be childish to watch you got served & start dancing along like I'm apart of the movie?
YALL YOU GOT SERVED IS ON NETFLIX THAT IS MY MOVIE
YOU GOT SERVED IS SUCH A LIT MOVIE!!!! STOMP THE YARD TOO!!!!
yo I'm hype they put You Got Served on Netflix that's my favorite movie.
Favorite movie finally made its cut on Netflix. You Got Served
"You Got Served" is on Netflix favorite movie ever
You got served on Netflix bout to dance to the movie
You got served will forever be that movie
The Movie " You Got Served " Has Had My Heart Since 2OO4, Such A Good Movie .
You got served is my mf movie
You Got Served Is My Movie
Damn y'all remember You Got Served lol that used to be my movie. I watched it like everyday lol
Watching you got served, this movie goes hard af still
You got served was always a raw ass movie
When Ur 2nd Favorite Movie Gets Put On Netflix You Got Served
Watching the movie You Got Served always makes me want to start break dancing and join a crew .
You got served the best dance movie ever
You got Served used to be everybody movie
“ @kumar_sutra: #TodaysKidsWillNeverKnow MOVIES LIKE BRING IT ON, YOU GOT SERVED, THE NEW GUY, UNDERCOVER BROTHER, NOT ANOTHER TEEN MOVIE”
@netflix thank you for you movie selection this year. Beyond the Lights, You got Served, and the TV show " Arrow ". All great titles .
Me and Rachel are watching you got served why does this girl still remember every line of the movie.
You got served is a booty movie
You Got Served...the music...the clothes...the serving. 2004 in one movie.
You Got Served is still a good movie
Now that Im grown and understand the stories in movies, you got served is a terrible movie.
You Got Served was really a dope movie lol
You got served used to be my favourite movie of all time. Even though the acting was bad, the dancing and music used to go.
dude you got served is a legendary movie
You got served is such a great movie I wish I could dance that good
You got served is my favorite movie I'll watch it anytime
Watching "You Got Served" lmaoo this movie is throwback
You got served was the movie back then
You got served will always be my favorite dance movie !
I use to love that movie you got served ! lol
You got served is on Netflix ??? Watching it right now. This movie made me want to learn how to battle dance so bad lmao
You Got Served is trash. I hate that movie.
Yoooo since when is you got served on Netflix. By far my favorite dance movie to this day
You got served is a black people dance movie step up is a white people dance movie @zac_edward @HunterCoiaaa
Watching "You Got Served" on Netflix brought back some good memories. This movie had me practicing break dancing in the mirror everyday
You Got Served forever my movie.
The saying "Glo up" lowkey started from the movie You Got Served
Who else used to do the dances to You Got Served? I was doing handstand push-ups to that ish. That movie can never get old!
You Got Served is def one of my favs. I LOOOOOVE THIS MOVIE
Bruh you got served is my fucking movie! https://twitter.com/_ImTheAnswer/status/621051969390559232 …
" @DewayneJohnsonn: Now watching you got served"lil saint you in that movie
Watching you got served, gosh I missed this movie lol
Netflix has added the movie You Got Served
You Got Served > Every Step Up movie
You got served is such a wavey movie
Watching you got served on Netflix , ain't seen this movie in a min
#FunFact You Got Served is DEF my favorite movie! I'm so happy that it's on @netflix. lol.
You got served was a good movie I don't care what nobody say
You Got Served is on Netflix. I can't tell you how many times I've watched that movie
You Got Served 2 : Beat The World. Kak movie tbh, just the way its made nje
You Got Served makes me tingle I love that movie
You got served is on Netflix, favorite movie in 07-08
Watching the best dance movie of all time - You Got Served
The acting in you got served is so corny lmao but I love this movie.
You got served will forever be my favorite movie
Me: Let's watch 'You Got Served'!!!! Sis: no I don't like that movie HOW TF DO YOU NOT LIKE THAT MOVIE?!?!?!??
You Got Served is really my movie
Watching the greatest dance movie of all time. You Got Served.
Just me or was the "You Got Served" movie an actual thing? Cause im kinda watchin it & kinda throwing up in my mouth at the same time #WTF
You got served is on Netflix. Another shitty movie taking up space instead of putting good movies on. nice job
Everytime I watch the movie "You got served" it reminds me of the twinbotz @DobreLucas @DobreMarcus
The opening dance scene in you got served is really one of the greatest movie scenes ever! That joint still gets my hyped!
YOU GOT SERVED IS A TIGHT ASS MOVIE!
@SirDestinee LMAO THEY PUT YOU GOT SERVED ON THERE! LIKE REALLY?! I'VE SEEN THAT MOVIE ENOUGH TO LAST THE REST OF MY LIFE
I still own the DVD, real talk, You Got Served used to be movie.
When I was younger & watched you got served in the movie theaters, it made me wanna make a crew so bad lmao
You Got Served is the best movie on Netflix lol
You Got Served is such a good movie
Yup you got served still the hype at movie ever
You got served is a great movie
You got served the best movie
You Got Served is still a bomb ass movie
You Got Served is the greatest movie of all time
You Got Served was my favorite movie lmao
You got served really use to be my movie watching that till I fall asleep
"You got served" will forever b my movie
Watchin you got served with @itsbrekk ...... This movie funny
Which movie had the most lit last scene; You Got Served or Stomp The Yard ?
You got served a as as movie idc what nobody say
Whenever I watch You Got Served I be dancing like i'm in the movie
I'm watching You Got Served and mannn some of these lines are corny lol me and my cousins used to love this movie tho.
You Got Served was a much better movie when I was in 6th grade and thought I was Lil Bow Wow
I dnt even know why You Got Served is on Netflix and how it even got 3 stars smh , the movie is trash
you got served will always be my movie
Never realized how bad of a movie "you got served" is
@nobodyhere23 from You Got served the movie lol
You got served is my favvvoriteee movie ever!
My wife just said that the movie You got served was better than Breakin 2
You got served still my favorite movie of all time.
We were just watching You Got Served last night My FAVE dance Movie
You got served is my all time favorite movie
Watching you got served this my movie
love the movie " You got served "
You got served is still the ultimate dance movie
I can't believe " you got served" is on Netflix omfg I forgot how much I loved this movie
You Got Served is probably the second best movie after Drumline
The best dance moves ever still to this day are in the movie "You Got Served" w/ Omarion & Marques Houston
You Got Served will always be the best dance movie ever
In hindsight, You Got Served was a TERRIBLE movie. Oh my goodness
You got served was a good movie for its time judge me if u want
You got Served still that movie
You got served will always be my favourite dance movie
You Got Served will always be my Favorite movie! Got my swag from there too
#TodaysKidsWillNeverKnow About When "You Got Served" Came Out & How Poppin The Movie Theatre Was & All Them Fights Broke Out
I wish I could twitpic my reaction to my favorite movie, You Got Served, being on Netflix I'm turnt
MY FAVOURITE MOVIE YOU GOT SERVED IS ON NETFLIX
You Got Served is on Netflix... yaaaaas that's my movie
"You got served" used to be my favorite movie lmaoo
I can quote the whole movie You Got Served
You Got Served My New Favorite Movie #Shamar
you got served is the mean tb movie
Me & Will always watched 1 of 4 movies. You Got Served, Malibus Most Wanted, 8 Mile, & Scary Movie 2. That's IT!
You got served be pissing me off I can't watch this movie without getting heated
watching you got served use to be my favorite movie.
I don't care what no one says. You Got Served is such a lit movie.
Currently watching You Got Served. probably the lit-est movie of the early 2000s
You Got Served was the movie that made me want to join the Hip-Hop crew, ANONYMOUS in the sixth grade. #wmms #manorBoiz
I love the movie " you got served "
no one understands the love i have for "you got served" i deadass can recite that movie
You got served down ass movie haha
YOU GOT SERVED IS ON NETFLIX OMG OMG I USED TO RENT THIS MOVIE 24/7 FROM BLOCKBUSTER OMG OMG
Watching sytycd made me want to watch a dance movie so now I'm going to watch you got served lol
For how good of a movie it is, The acting in you got served is so garbage
If you know me.. You know you got served my fav movie
You got served is factually the best dance movie
I used to wanna be like Omarion on that movie 'You Got Served'.. He was so fly!
They put "You got served" on Netflix movie fye
I was watching You Got Served on Netflix earlier and now one of the songs from the movie came on
You got served is my movie !
Watching you got served this use to be my favorite movie .
You got served is such a sick movie #Classic
That movie You Got Served used to be my favorite movie
But I mean no dance movie was ever like you got served, forget all the step ups... you got served was the ultimate
Soon as I found out thaa You Got Served on Netflix I haven't stopped watchin it this used to be my movie
G 'you got served' damn near the funniest movie ever
Just watchin a lil @IAmSteveHarvey in the movie "You Got Served"
You Got Served! is hands down the best dance movie of all time.
You got served the movie when Meghan good caught my eyes for first time
About to watch the best movie ever. You Got Served
Swear The Beginning Of The Movie " You Got Served " They Fuck It Up
You Got Served used to be THAT movie back in the day lol. Me & my sisters used to watch it over & over
I'm watching You Got Served on Netflix and in hindsight it really is an awful movie and I can't believe we used to dress like that
You got served is actually a terrible movie tho
Now that I'm older and I'm watching You Got Served again I'm reliving how dramatic this movie is
Bruuuuhhhh! Why didn't y'all tell me You Got Served was on Netflix?!?! This used to be my movie!!
WHAT?! That's my movie for Friday night lol RT @iDyamond: I didn't know You Got Served was on Netflix
No matter how many times I watch the movie you got served, lil saints death always gets to me
You got served .... Is that movie
You got served is one corny ass movie now that I'm older
You got served is my all time favorite dance movie
You got served will always be my movie
Watching you got served Still like that movie
You Got Served Is On Netflix I'm Finna play this movie out
@amaniec_ you right she not on they level only movie I thought she was raw in was you got served
You Got Served really should be considered a classic. It's a GREAT movie.
You got served is the movie #majorthrowback
You Got Served still my movie.
"You Got Served" is greatness. Anybody who says otherwise needs help. Greatest dance movie of all time.
Omg you got served is on netflix. Thats like the dancing movie that started it all
You got served used to be my favorite movie now that it's on Netflix I'ma be watching this shit all the time fr
I love You Got Served! That's my favorite movie
Watching you got served now is so funny lol this movie is trash but it's funny how good we thought it was back then
Idk which movie to watch on Netflix since you got served going off
Watching You Got Served on Netflix. This is a dope ass movie. Even though I've seen it like a million times Lbs
You Got Served is the original dance movie that thing will have u hype lol
My mom couldn't remember that "you got served"movie until I told her the part where Omarion danced in the rain Lol everybody know that part
You got served is my favorite movie
Naw. Dead ass. You got served might have the greatest intro in movie history.
You got served is the best dance movie there is.
You got served is on Netflix I'm weak hell yeah i love this movie lol
the movie "you got served" is one of the best movies as a jit
fucking LOVE the movie YOU GOT SERVED reminds me of when I used to be on a dance team
Watching You Got Served Good Movie
Why was the movie You Got Served ever made. Everything about this movie is terrible. Except for Megan Good and Jennifer Freeman.
The movie You Got Served is on Netflix and I am so happy rn fav movie
Watching "You got served".. Old movie, but still hella good
Anyways I'm watching "You got served" this movie will forever be good af
Lmao You Got Served is really my movie
You Got Served is still the best dancing movie ever.
I'm watching "you got served" this movie is a dancing inspiration
You got served forever my favorite movie
You Got Served still hold the award for the best ending to a movie
You got served still live af bruh lol the way they started this movie in the beginning was pure genius l
Since when they put You Got Served on Netflix? Yaaaaas this was my movie.
Movie night at my place we're watching You Got Served bring your own snacks
"You got served" still the best dancing movie
The best intro to a movie ever is the intro to you got served
You Got Served on Netflix .. Movie time after my workout
My favorite movie you got served is on Netflix I'm a happy camper
You got served is really a funny movie lol
I watched you got served last night & forgot I knew every word to that damn movie got irritated & turned it off lol
You got served use to be my favorite movie when I was younger , I use to try to do all the dance moves
You Got Served was the lamest movie ever but niggas liked it lmao
You got served is such a bad movie but it's so entertaining
OMFG you got served is on Netflix yall really don't know how happy I am I can watch this movie all day
You didn't have a childhood if you got served wasn't your movie
Watching You Got Served. This use to be my favorite movie
What's a better "black" movie.. Boys n the hood or you got served?
Lol I'm watching you got served. This movie has no plot
This part of the movie was on some You Got Served type shit lol https://twitter.com/50milli/status/586321710288392193 …
You got served is my all time favorite movie
you got served used to be my movie
When Lil Saint died on You Got Served might've been the first time I cried watching a movie
You got served will forever be my movie
You got served is such a bad movie that it's good. Battle dancers by day. Drug dealers by night.
You got served is like my favoritest movie ever
The movie you got served is in Netflix! My days has just got better lol
you got served is finally on netflix, the only other movie would make netflix complete would be ATL
About the movie, You Got Served... "It's the black version of Bring It On." @PSU_Kiley2
Ayyy my movie finally on netflix! Yaaasss — watching You Got Served
You got served and stomp the yard are the same movie in almost every sense but for whatever reason stomp the yard is better
You got served is such a terrible movie
Sitting here watching the greatest movie of all time... You Got Served.
You Got Served, The Expendables 3, and Beyond The Lights are on Netflix...Movie Night anyone?
Omg you got served is on Netflix I haven't seen this movie in years #watchesit
Currently watching the piss poor acting in you got served! Lol still a live movie tho
You got served use to be my movie . Lol
"You Got Served" will forever be the greatest dance movie ever
You Got Served Full Movie https://youtu.be/JQkMvQrB8JA  via @YouTube
You Got Served is my favorite movie Omarion & Marques Houston
Just got done watching you got served . Literally my all time favorite movie why did omarion have to grow up
omarion is soooo sexy in the movie you got served
you got served on netflix #tb #love #that #movie
You Got Served is my all time fav movie
"You got served" just reminds me of Baldwin hills elementary, bro it was battlezone everyday after that movie on the fucking playground.
You got served my mf movie dawgg
Charlesa ass white asl she only seen the movie Annie she haven't seen You Got Served or hardly no black movies
You Got Served will forever be my all time favorite movie
I would say that YG movie. But I recently had the dishonorable privilege of seeing "You Got Served" again https://twitter.com/capriceparkerg/status/620096175828406272 …
Name one movie better than you got served
You got served the movie so funny
I swear I was suppose to be in the movie "you got served"
You got served still my favorite movie
@LB_thaflyer #NowWatching You Got Served cus it was our favorite movie back then
This movie (you got served) shows you how money and girls destroys friendships n everything in general
you got served is the movie
Watching You Got Served..This use to be my favorite movie
I haven't seen You Got Served in forever. I love this movie
EARL LOOK LIKE HE JUST GOT OFF SET OF THE MOVIE YOU GOT SERVED https://twitter.com/earlxsweat/status/620069518207905793 …
You Got Served was such a corny movie but i was in love with it when it first came out
You Got Served is such a good bad movie. #SoundtrackTightTho
How yall let me miss you got served ... Thats my movie
Marques Houston was never in b2k lol, you got served was a movie that both b2k and immature starred in, don't get it confused
Watching You Got Served. This that movie. #throwback
You Got Served is a funny ass movie yo lol.
You Got Served is really my movie lol my brothers and I used to watch it once a week
You Got Served is my movie
You got served a old movie, but it's still good
Bruh they put You Got Served on netflix. That's like every black person's childhood movie holy shit
The movie " you got served " is pretty wavey lmao over here harlem shaking and shit
You Got Served is a classic throw back movie lol
You Got Served is actually a terrible movie, but back in the day?
"You Got Served" that's my movie!
You got served amazing movie
" @Nicolioli1128: You Got Served is on and I am now in the best mood." Best movie evaa
You Got Served Is On Netflix, Haven't Seen This Movie In So Long. Lol
@JoeyGatto did you like the movie You Got Served #AskJoey
You Got Served is literally my favorite freaking movie.
Watching you got served this my movie
I completely stopped watching Flex and Shanice to watch my favorite movie EVER: You Got Served!!!
You got served used to be my shit bruh fa real i wished events was like the movie
Watching You Got Served, I always loved this damn movie
You Got Served is on oxygen right now, this movie is the shiiiiiit me and my friends would watch it multiple times a week lol
Will forever be obsessed with the movie You Got Served! Whew!
You got served used to be our favorite movie to watch at my house back in the day
When ya favorite movie you got served come on
"You Got Served" is still my favorite movie till this day
Remember when You Got Served was the movie
When you realize how corny You Got Served was but still a great movie lol
Lil Kim look bomb in You Got Served, best dance movie
You Got Served used to lowkey be my movie
Watching you got served I used to love this movie
You got served is my favorite dance movie
You Got Served is such a poor quality movie
You got served is on . Used to be my FAV movie !
If all the dancers were waiters on the side, You Got Served would be a better movie
I may or may not know the whole dance routine in the movie you got served
Currently watching "You Got Served." No matter how bad this movie is, I gotta watch it. I think I do it for lil' saint.
YOU GOT SERVED IS ON NETFLIX OMG OMG OMG my favorite movie
Watching you got served , man eveytime I watch this movie I be dancing just like them
I never noticed how corny you got served was ...still my movie tho
Man... You Got Served might be my favorite movie rn
Watching You Got Served, brushing up on my dance moves lol! I'm playing y'all..I can't with this movie
You got Served is on! Favorite dance movie!
Watchin you got served . Still never learned all the dance moves from this movie
'You got served' is a terrible movie, but that opening dance routine is undefeated.
you got served on I forgot how much I liked this movie
watching you got served right now . MY MOFO MOVIE !
Watching You Got Served. The movie about drug dealing street dancers.
My movie You got served is about to come on
You got served is my movie.
Watching You Got Served! Ain't even know Columbus Short was in this movie ...
Uhhhh, Netflix? How is You Got Served an "inspiring movie"?
Whats your favorite movie — I have a few, Hurricane Season, Stomp The Yard, Drumline, Hours, You Got Served..... http://ask.fm/a/ccckcjc7 
OMG YOU GOT SERVED IS ON NETFLIX I FUCKING LOVE THIS MOVIE
You got served was more then a movie to me
You got served come on tonight that's my movie
You got served is on Netflix this was my movie back in the day
You got served is the greatest dance movie of all time
You Got Served is my MOVIE! Really been watching this since I was in like Kindergarten
You got served the best movie on Netflix
Oh my gossshhh! You got served is on Netflix lmao. Terrible acting but we used to always watch that movie lol! I love it
Shoutout to THE GREATEST MOVIE ever made : You Got Served!! pic.twitter.com/y18WYYoIMt
When y'all could've been happy together but they wanna dance like they in a you got served movie
Everybody & they mama was in the movie theater to see "You Got Served"
yall rude, why didn't you tell me my movie you got served was on Netflix ?!
you got served is the movie, love it
You Got Served is the best movie nuff said.
Someone tell me a movie scene better than when L was dancing in the rain in you got served
I hate when I'm being lied to. I know damn well You Got Served ain't no 2 start movie
You Got Served is my favorite movie idc!!
fav. Movie , you got served i can watvh it everyday
I remember going to go see you got served when it first came out at the movies & at the end of the movie me & my cousins went to the front
'You got served' is such a good movie !!! Haha
You Got Served was the dopest dance movie yall can keep that Step Up trash...
You got served best dance movie I seen
Movie night : you got served
You Got Served is the fucking movie. #SLxrdsAfterDark
The movie you got served https://twitter.com/Cjstroz/status/619537277748776960 …
gosh You Got Served is such a horrible movie
When u damn near watched every movie on Netflix so you been watching YOU GOT SERVED every night
You Got Served. bruh, my mf movie dude.
You got served is my favorite movie hands down
you got served is such a cool ass movie
I will always love the movie You Got Served.
You Got Served is like my favorite movie
This you got served soundtrack I fell asleep on the movie last night what's wrong with me!
Forgot how good of a movie YOU GOT SERVED is
You got served is on Netflix that was the whole daycares movie @itss_imaniii @FunkyFreshSon @nia_coats
I'm really watching You Got Served like it was a good movie. Lol.
"You got Served" will forever be the best dance movie
"You got served" will be my most fav dancing movie!
You got served used to be my favorite movie lmao!!!!!
You got served best dance movie
The worst movie villain ever is the white kid in You Got Served.
When I say You Got Served was my most favorite movie ever lol
Other than the dancing scenes, You Got Served is a horrible movie
You Got Served is the best dance movie ever hands down
NETFLIX HAS YOU GOT SERVED!!!!! I'm SO HAPPY Lmfaoo my favorite movie
You got served was a good movie
YOU GOT SERVED BEST DANCE MOVIE OF ALL TIME
You Got Served is my fave movie
You got served is on Netflix just incase anyone cares, no one should care tho because it's a terrible movie.
@I_Am_Hills gotta go on there but they added my movie You Got Served
You Got Served is really a terrible movie !
I always wondered why Raz was on the opposite team in You Got Served but the group was falling apart when they made this movie
Dang @netflix hooked it up and put my favorite movie You Got Served up
Crazy… You Got Served is the movie that introduced dancing to me lol
You Got Served is a cool movie and all, but I want RIZE to come on Netflix
Bruh... You got served was corny as fuck. I just watched it on Netflix. I used to like that movie when I was younger.
You got served is movie tho
The opening scene in You Got Served is the best opening scene ever in dance movie history.
Stomp the yard , you got served and drumline ALLL the same movie
You Got Served is the hardest dance movie ever made.
“ @DEDRICKFRM600: Easy. 8 mile @_VintageRose: RT if you know what movie this is http://twitter.com/_VintageRose/status/619386174319112196/photo/1pic.twitter.com/ZgOnxY8D0l ” naw bruh, this You got served
I've probably watched you got served more than any other movie in my life but I cry every time at the same part anyway.
You Got Served is my favorite movie ALL TIME
Favorite movie all time is You got Served #LilSaint
I just watched you got served haven't seen that movie in years I still remember the screening of it and meeting Skip Cheetam #tbttimes2
You got served will forever be my favorite movie
You got served is probs the best movie
You got served best movie on netflix right now
oh shit they got my movie You Got Served on Netflix finally iz ovaaa
Awwe shvt Netflix got You Got Served y'all don't know how much I love that movie
@FaizaAli123 you got served is on netflix (very important movie to black culture)
Why is you got served on Netflix good movie though
@kelvinfranklin_ got me to watch You Got Served talking bout that old ass movie
Just got done watching You Got Served....I love that movie
You got served my fav movie
I didn't know You Got Served was on Netflix lol my movie
Like You Got Served & the first Scary Movie up on here.
You Got Served is my mf movie man
Watching you got served used ta be that movie
you got served used to be my favorite movie!
If you a man and you still got conrows in 2015 Ima just assume you got served ya favorite movie
You got served a funny movie
My brother's been dancing to You Got Served the whole time the movie has been on
Am I the only person who don't like the movie "you got served" lol
You Got Served the only movie I never get tired of
I've never ( @TatyanaJenene) seen this movie. RT @Asia_Bean: You Got Served is on Netflix now.
You got served the best movie ever
No movie starts of more turnt than "You got served"
I Been did it for Lil saint when I was in You Got Served movie.. yall late
Watchin You got Served. Greatest hip hop dance movie out there. I remember Arnold Smith use to come baby sit. Fix... http://fb.me/3Z1j6TFGh 
Fuck this stupid ass movie YOU GOT SERVED -.-
Lmao I think you got served was the first movie to use the word Bruh
You got served is only a 2 movie?! Nigaaaa whattttttt! this was the shit back then!
Since when has you got served been on Netflix !!? Love this movie
You Got Served made it on Netflix. Black people didn't forget about that movie...
@MalachiDennis yea drake looks like he can only play a you got served movie hood villain. Lol!
tbh you got served is the best dance movie
The Movie Gods have answered my prayers @netflix finally put "YOU GOT SERVED" on there!!!! It Will be seen everyday the rest of the summer!!
You got served has terrible acting they shoulda put me In that movie
They got the movie "you got served" on Netflix Classic
Just watched you got served haven't seen this movie in forever
You Got Served is really my movie
watching you got served fav movie
You got served will forever be my movie
Hardball was the 1st movie to ever make me cry....then you got served ....smh
I swear when the movie "You Got Served" came out i should ofbeen on it!!
You got served is still on my top 10 movie list yes it is
you got served was my movie mannnnn
You got served is my movie doeee
They put You Got Served on Netflix! .... Thats my movie low key
I know I'm not the only one who used to dance during the battles on the You got Served movie thought I was killin it #forlilsaint
Haven't watched You Got Served in ages. Realizing this movie was made in 11 years ago makes me feel so old.
You Got Served .. Will Always Be My Favorite Movie
You got served is my movie
You Got Served will forever have me in tears. This movie so funny to me.
I still love that movie and honey. RT @CMo_93: @juscallmeshi You Got served
You got served the greatest dancing movie of all time
#WhatDoLaaitiesKnowAbout You Got Served. This movie made you want to start a crew pic.twitter.com/gRcbwjSDq4
You got served has and will always be my movie!
#2004 You Got Served was like, the dopest movie that year
Buena movie RT @LuiisDaniel21: mielda you got served es del 2004.. DIABLOO
Lawdddd, they den added You Got Served and Scary Movie on Netflix. I'll be on my couch all day if yall need me
There is no humility in You Got Served hence the title of the movie
Reminds me of You Got Served .. The most lit dance movie. Don't @ me
You got served fact: jhene aiko had a song on this movie.. And Yall prolly didn't even realize it
Since u & @christelll12 didn't know what the movie You got served was when we played gestures.its on netflix now @dalinatrann
When you think you got served was a good movie until you find out Chris STROKES I mean stokes was fuckin raz b in real life <
You got served was a real deal fye ass movie now that I'm watching it again
Watched you got served this morning .. & I'm watching it again. Literally my all time fav movie
You got served is a classic ass nigga movie
You got served will forever be my favorite dance movie lol
I love the movie "You got served " so much that i have it on the 1st psp and now it's on netflix pic.twitter.com/Omd3o36yly
You Got Served is still the best dance movie ever.
I watched You Got Served the day it came out in theaters. Its also the first movie I bought with my own money from my 11th birthday that aug
You Got Served will forever be that movie. lol
You got served my mf movie
You got served is the best dancing movie !
Watching You Got Served, man I can't believe this movie came out in 2004. That was 11 years ago! Feels like it was just yesterday.
@allanrvanmaele i say we throw a dance party soon and pretend we are in a you got served movie
Watching " you got served " this my movie
I was never a fan of the movie 'You Got Served'
#WhatDoLaaitiesKnowAbout You Got Served. This movie made you want to start a crew pic.twitter.com/n9nWwhZueD
'You Got Served' is a classic movie.
Lmao, I love the movie "You Got Served", but I will never understand the scene on why Omarion had to dance in the rain..
bruh You Got Served will 5EVER be my movie
“ @NoChilI2k15: You got served be like pic.twitter.com/w83LN6Hszh” that's my movie tho
Remember that movie, "You Got Served?" I just found the white people version. pic.twitter.com/pYS5usUvee
You got served used to be my movie
I still don't understand why don't we have a dance movie with both Ciara and Chris Brown in it it would be the next You Got Served
The best dance movie is You got served 2nd is Stomp the Yard
"You Got Served" is my favorite movie of all time! I want a HD Blu-Ray version!....AND A SEQUEL NEEDS TO HAPPEN ASAP
Thought it's a basketball themed-like movie or a dance like You Got Served. Hindi pala..Oh… https://instagram.com/p/4zCBMkNQNb/ 
You got served is fa sho the worst acted movie
You Got Served is such a horrible movie
You got served was my favorite movie growing up
Watching you got served on netflix. I ain't never been so t'd watching a movie
If somebody can find me the movie You Got Served, I will love you forever!!
Huh RT @__brookealyss: Wow " @u_can_HateMeNow: You Got Served was a trash ass movie"
You Got Served will always be THAT movie https://twitter.com/levi_dennis/status/617894051120082944 …
Felt like I was in a you got served movie
YOU GOT SERVED IS ON NETFLIX!!!!!! THAT IS MY MOVIE OMG ITS A WRAP NOW!!!!!!!!
The only time lil kim look so bad to me was "you got served" movie
I hate the protagonist gotta win in every movie because on you got served once dude floated in the air they should've won hands down
You liked you got served cuz it was a good movie. Pump it up was just the first song. https://twitter.com/hiphopisdeaddd/status/617329296517013504 …
Yeah i can feel it im right in your nerves/when omarion released a movie that was the last time you got served... #Marvel
That one song from the you got served movie "bump bump bump bump it up" https://twitter.com/mylifeaschelle_/status/617216815475744768 …
You got served honestly best dance movie
You Got served was really a shitty ass movie though
"Pump it up" back when the movie You got served came out https://twitter.com/grahamcracker92/status/617205086222204928 …
You got served got to be the funniest movie ever
watching my fav movie you got served
YOU GOT SERVED? Omg that's my favorite cheesy movie https://twitter.com/The_Shogunn/status/617089413726760961 …
I swear I should've been in the movie "You Got Served"
you got served was that movie
In here watching You Got Served thinking I'm apart of the movie all live and shit
So disrespectful putting You Got Served next to that mediocre movie pic.twitter.com/bVlENn2ht4
Brooooooooo You Got Served is my favorite movie EVER.
Why would they ever out you got served on Netflix like that's my favorite movie imma be watching it 24/7
but rlly go see you got served its a good movie :/
You Got Served is on Netflix. Lmfao this movie is so horrible
Forgot how corny the movie You Got Served is
Hold up who remembers the movie You Got Served
You Got Served was the cheesiest movie of the century.
You got served was a terrible movie
You Got Served will forever be the best movie ever
Do it for lil saint! They put you got served on #Netflix! I used to love this movie in middle school! I was a die hard #B2K fan lol
the first You Got Served movie was the best one
@1Omarion @hiphop24 you got served it was a good movie
My all time favorite movie will forever be "You Got Served"
Paid money and saw 'You Got Served' in a movie theatre #tbt
The movie "you got served"
You Got Served was the coolest movie when I was 12 ... "cuz tonight.. You suckas got served!!"
Watching you got served. This my fav movie.
Watching my favorite movie You Got Served
When Netflix just added you got served and scary movie
@Yingyoungin not even gonna lie, I did to. I heard about it and I was like "you joking right?" but that You Got Served movie was
"You got served" will FOREVER b my movie
Check out You Got Served/Stomp the Yard (DVD, 2014) http://www.ebay.com/itm/161743621598 … @eBay #film #movie @MovieSharer
You got served is one movie I can watch over and over again and not get sick of it
All that tweetin last night was like a You got served movie
You got served will forever be my favorite dance movie.
Check out You Got Served/Stomp the Yard (DVD, 2014) http://www.ebay.com/itm/161743621598 … @eBay @movie_forum @movieinterview @MOVIEMEMORlES @movies
You Got Served is easily my favorite movie of all time
Step Up 2: The Streets best dancing movie of all time next to You Got Served
Me: what movie is this Nat: you got served Me: huh? Her: they have hot guys in the movie! Me: okay.. Her: and hot girls Me: yaass
YALL DONT KNOW YOU GOT SERVED IS MY FAVORITE MOVIE OF ALL TIME
You got served used to be my favorite movie
Just finished watching You Got Served that movie never gets old!
Check out #You #Got #Served #Stomp the #Yard #DVD #2014 http://www.ebay.com/itm/-/161743621598?roken=cUgayN&soutkn=P8u1rC … via @eBay #film #movie @moviesharer
The best dance movie will always be "You Got Served"
I learned from that movie "You got Served" I do it for Lil Saint
you got served best dance movie of all time
That Magic Mike XXL movie look like "You Got Served...some Steroids"
How do u take a movie like magic mike seriously tho? Come on... it's like "you got served" but half naked
So this Magic Mike XXL movie...is like the male stripper version of You Got Served? That's disturbing...
Haven't Seen Omarion Since The Movie "You Got Served"
Omarion lasted the whole movie in You Got Served. Chris Brown died the first 5 mins in Stomp The Yard. #JustSaying
Real question Omarion was the nigga in the movie you got served with the braids right ?
Omarion think he still shooting da You Got Served movie danxin ass nigga
Who got the movie you got served & will lemme borrow that hoe that's my movie
i remem the days when i was crushing on omarion sooo hard because of that movie "you got served" lol<3<3 #BETAwards2015
They should have a You got served 2 with CB and Omarion. They never have CB finish in any dance movie
you got served was my movie lmao https://twitter.com/somelocalgirl/status/615318507765436416 …
Lol they looking that about to make another you got served movie
everytime I see him dance I think of the movie you got served.
You got served is an old ass movie
Damn Ain't seen Omarion since you got served movie
Omarion finally relevant after the movie You Got Served
When I see Omarion I always think of the movie You Got Served
Omarion dancing like he back on You Got Served movie kmsl
Omarion still dance like he back in the movie You got Served
If anyone has the movie "you got served" on DVD can I borrow it plz? Lol
- Lala been hostin since You Got Served movie lmao, she don't get tied.
Fitworks has Step Up 3D playing, and it may be the worst movie I've ever seen. I should bring in my You Got Served DVD and have em play that
watching some movie with MH that Chris Stokes wrote/produced & they're at the same basketball court from You Got Served lol
You Got Served is way better than all the Step Up movies, You Got Served is the best dance movie ever
you got served is the saddest movie ever
My brother and I are watching you got served and I don't remember anything of this movie except lil saint dying
You got served Marques! . Great meeting you bro. Good luck with your new movie @marqueshouston https://instagram.com/p/4dH2QqCiQk/ 
You got served is the greatest movie ever made. Any other movie is nowhere near the amazingness this movie has
I SWEAR i was in a you got served movie last night
@chocolatepappi_ technically it was on both movies and you got served was a terrible movie
Yo who remembers the movie "You got Served" from now on everything I do is for #lilsaint hahaha
you got served is my movie !!
You Got Served still my favorite movie
Finally found You Got Served on DVD!! Its with another movie but still @therealmalcolm pic.twitter.com/GRGr8MkeS6
@Cort_NOu Lmao I can't even name one movie he was in while M.H was You Got Served, Good Burger, Fat Albert & Bee's Kids . Get real Ray J
You got served I love that movie https://twitter.com/___mirada/status/614204208561172480 …
You Got Served was the perfect date movie. Plot was shit so you had time to talk and make out between dance battles. #multitaskmyname
Man I remember when You Got Served came out....yall couldn't tell me I wasn't in the movie. Y just COULDNT.
Anthony just said D'Angelo Russell looks like he belongs in B2K or You Got Served (movie)
Why am I just finding out its a 2nd you got served? But it just looks like a bet original movie
What is your favorite old movie? - You got served ! http://kiw.im/1frSYK2BWN 
You got served..this movie brings back so many school memories
You got served has to be the best movie ever
You got served great movie
Check out You Got Served/Stomp the Yard (DVD, 2014) http://www.ebay.com/itm/161743621598 … @eBay #film #movie @MovieSharer
Just finished watching You Got Served! I was such a cornball when I was younger. I loved that movie
You Got Served used to be my favorite movie
You got served is on lol mem when I was little after movie was over danced like them
You got served was really a good movie lol
I got a dance routine for every song from the movie you got served dawg. I'm not even joking .
My favorite movie is "you got served" ... Don't ask why... Just know that's my shit
You got served was the best dancing movie made
Watching you got served this was the movie back in the day
I been in love with the movie you got served forever #tytweet
You got served is such a terrible movie.
@WorIdOfDancing Bruh you'll never know how this is till you've seen the movie you got served
you got served is the best dancing movie there is idc what anybody says
You got served is really my movie!
yo im bouta watch you got served again thats my movie
Ayeee You Got Served was my movie!
You Got Served was my movie! I knew all the dances! I was serious too
You got served was my favorite movie
. Watching you got served this used to be my favorite movie
You Got Served still my favorite movie
I need every step up movie plus stomp the yard and you got served and then that is when my life will be complete.
'You Got Served' is easily the best movie ever created
You got served was that movie back in the day lol
@NRawww truuu I just watched you got served and she's in the movie looking good
I'm looking at the movie You Got Served and I'm realizing how trash this movie is. Especially them clothes lord Jesus :(((((((
You got served is the worst movie ever hahahaha!
There's no movie in the world with a better intro than You Got Served
the movie "You got served" may be corny, but dancing took them niggas off the streets
Watching you got served I love this movie no matter how old it is
Hayi Sira! " @wfreemantle: Fuckoff, U Got Served is the best dance movie ever "@10ayandamnyani: Stomp The Yard> You Got Served > Step Up 2""
I always forget what a terrible movie You Got Served is.
You Got Served will always be THAT movie
Sitting here watch you got served this was movie still is
The acting in you got served is probably the worst in movie history, but the dancing is so dope it saved the movie lol
You got served will forever be that movie
you got served on. this my movie.
You got served will forever be dat movie
You got served is the most dramatic dance movie ever In a good way.
Movies to NEVER ' watch w// me because i will say the WHOLE movie •Scary Movie 1 & 2 • The Grinch • You Got Served
No dance movie will ever beat you got served
You got served has to be the corniest movie alive . Lol
dukes just said she thought the movie you got served was the movie with tupac in it :/ what the
Watching You Got Served This Movie Came Out In 2003 God Dam
Okay let's just reenact the movie you got served right outside my front door. Neighbors..
YALL REMEMBER THE MOVIE "YOU GOT SERVED"
you got served use to be my movie
I wanna watch you got served i love that movie..
You Got Served was my favorite movie growing up lol. All my boos were in it
My sister is currently saying the words to "You Got Served" with the movie
You Got Served is the best movie
I know every word in you got served , I could have been in the movie
Watching You Got Served.. I used to love this movie.
You Got Served still my movie lol
I'm watching You Got Served and I'm just now realizing Professor Oglevee was in this movie lmfao
On another not You Got Served is a funny ass movie
No dance movie will top You Got Served
It might be the worst movie ever made, but you're not black if you cant do at least one You Got Served dance
@ThatDudeMCFLY maybe a dancehall version of the movie you got served
You got served is on aka the movie of middle school.
I love the movie You Got Served
watching "You got served" this shit is fucking clowning, lmfaooo. Like y was this a movie ?
Omg You got served is on . This was the movie
watching you got served my fav old movie.
You got served used to be my favorite movie i used to watch it like everyday
"You got served" that's that movie
You Got Served will always be my favorite dancing movie. Lol.
You Got Served will forever be a great movie
you got served is like the best movie in the world .
You Got Served.. The acting was so damn awful.. Scared me.. ---> RT @CorieRayvonn: 7. What is a scary movie that actually scared you?
My favorite movie is on, You Got Served #SaidNoOneEver
you got served is forever my favorite movie
You got served will always be my movie man
You got served is the realist dance movie HANDS DOWN
@LaurennScales hahaha the movie is so funny to me. You got served is a classic!
spent like fifteen minutes trying to remember the title of the movie "You Got Served"
watching " you got served " love this movie
You Got Served is always gon be my favorite movie
@CoryJay34 lol stomp the yard was my little cousins you got served this lil boy was doing the most I had to hide the movie
@TrapQveenJay my favorite movie is you got served
@MrDrewScott #Question Hey drew! Since you enjoy break dancing have you ever saw the movie you got served? It's a great dance movie!
"You got served" is the best bad movie ever made
My favourite movie of all time is you got served
The movie " you got served " always made me wanna dance battle someone
you got served is probably the worst dancing movie I have ever saw. lmao horrible acting all throughout the movie
You got served. Classic movie
fav if u remember the movie, you got served....
the white dude was doing moves off of the movie you got served frfr from the third battle... He knows his stuff https://twitter.com/freestyieraps/status/609153899887525889 …
I forgot how sick the movie you got served was
You got served is my absolute favorite movie hands down I love it!!
Idc. You got served still the fyest opening scene of any movie. Lol
This movie is giving me magic mike meets you got served though
You got served is a good movie lol
you got served is the best movie of all time
Yeah..But I'm watching the South Park parody RT @StuntPuller: Nice movie" @Tee_Shabane: You. Got. Served."
“ @Dynasteeeee: 15 favorite movie ?” YOU GOT SERVED
Watching you got served ahhhhhhh love this movie
Can Dreamworks make a dance movie? Or turn You GOt Served into a cartoon?
When yo favorite movie is you got served https://twitter.com/woridofdancing/status/602999649813794816 …
You Got Served really my movie lmao
You got served started this whole dance movie thing
When you got served made you think you had moves @aniskipsdot #classic #movie https://instagram.com/p/3uAtnHK_ym/ 
You got served my favorite movie that's why my fuck ass always dancing
You got served is top 5 best movie ever
Watching "You Got Served" i love this movie
"You Got Served" is my favorite movie of all time
You Got Served was lowkey my favorite movie
I don't care what you say, You Got Served is the best dance movie to date
You got served will always be my movie
you got served really my movie
Watching "You Got Served" & Realized This Movie Is Soo Damn Cheesy lol
Surprised there hasn’t been a “You Got Served: Shuffling Edition” movie yet.
Random movie thoughts I have #1:I feel like the Lil Saints got extremely more judgeable dance time in the You Got Served final scene.Unfair.
You Got Served the only movie with a basketball scene where dudes wasn't making every shot lol.
You Got Served is the GOAT movie of all time
They will do things in the that are probably illegal in some countries. I swear at 1 point I thought I was in the you got served movie
You got served is such a hype movie
This movie wannabe You Got Served and Stomp The Yard so bad
The Wood is most definitely a great #ThrowbackThursday Movie . Right along with You Got Served #SavageDvnasty
Not sure if she shares the same love I have for the movie You Got Served tho ...... I'm ganna have to fix that
If you got served made a new movie this year they'd have so many ppl to put in it it'd be so live
You got served is still the best movie ever
You Got Served used to be my favorite movie
" @krisspykremee: I swear "you got served" is my movie"I just watched it
You got served is the most live movie you can watch
#ProsOfDatingMe I know the dialogue to the movie "You Got Served" so well
Watchinnn you got Served, I literally know this movie word from wordddd
You got served used to be my movie fr . Everytime I watched me and all my siblings and lil cousins would from groups and battle
You Got Served was that movie
Favorite movie — All time? Probably you got served. No idea why, just always enjoyed that. But movies are my thi... http://ask.fm/a/c8nhk49k 
Every time I hear "Post To Be", I picture Omarion looking as he did in the You Got Served movie
Check the #3Dprinted B2K dancers in street dancing movie You Got Served. https://shar.es/123X04  pic.twitter.com/dExKuppkOv
You Got Served is such a inspirational movie
There's no dancing movie better than You got Served
The last battle of you got served is the most intense scene in movie history.
if you haven't seen the movie you got served, we can't be friends
Its like the end of the movie you got served when they added extra dancers in the dance off to win the contest lulz
You got served may be my favorite movie of all time
Omarion must be so stoked that he's famous again. He hasn't been on since the legendary You Got Served movie
You got served best dance movie
@your_jeffa @Kaitttiee says the guy who thinks "You Got Served" is the greatest movie ever
You got served like my fav movie
Now I wanna watch You Got Served , I love that movie
I can literally watch you got served a million times and not get tired of it. this is my movie and idk why
You got served was the first dance movie I ever watched.
I used to know every dance move to the movie "You Got Served" i was in the crib killen it
Why do we look like we about to audition for the movie "You got Served" tho?! #fbf #thatAsianCrew https://instagram.com/p/3RTiv4BM_1/ 
When she say her favorite movie you got served https://twitter.com/PromoThings/status/604030851668688898 …
You got served is my all time favorite movie
Up watching & quoting the WHOLE entire You Got Served movie cleaning up & making breakfast lol .
Looking back on it. You Got Served may be the gayest movie ever
Watchin you got served. When this movie first came out I wanted to dance in the rain like Omarion did
'You Got Served' really is a terrible freagin movie...except for the very end lol
You got served really a funny ass movie. Lol real live niggas was underground dance battlers and drug dealers lol that don't even add up
You got served is on lol when I was younger I used to try to copy every move from this movie
You Got Served my movie man
Peep the new movie coming out called you got served staring steph curry and cp3 pic.twitter.com/DicmaaGxu5
Damn You Got Served was a dope ass movie lmao Pump Pump Pump It Up!!
You Got Served is still the best dance movie to date.
A new you got served movie Staring Stephen curry & Chris paul pic.twitter.com/Gxsj3evI5s
@Melo_Vibez @SuperGGnova @Dozuh @KennySaouce when is the next you got served movie coming out
I don't think I wanted to be in a movie as bad as I wanted to be in you got served
You got served is a legendary movie
There's no dance movie better than You Got Served
You got served will forever be my movie
You got served is still the best dance movie
So who all ready to go watch da new You Got Served movie? http://fb.me/7scBRrjHU 
You got served is such an underrated movie
Mannn they put curry on the front of the MF you got served movie cover
I know all the dances on You Got Served. That movie was a major part of my adolescent days lol
" @SheIsAddicted: You got served pic.twitter.com/zivaStL7j2" love this movie so much!
You youngins think step up is a good dancing movie. Thjnk again. Go watch You Got Served with marques houston and omarion lolol #oldshit
you got served is the greatest movie of all time
Can somebody get me the movie "You got served" I can't find it anywhere..
You got served is my movie, why they do this https://twitter.com/kp_superstar/status/603043287897767936 …
“ @Uniquelyy_Madee: What's That Dancing Movie With B2k Called? Can't Think Of It Right Now.”> you got served ! Duh !!
Curry in the New 'You Got Served' Movie pic.twitter.com/rhepmPD4mU
you got served is my fav movie he can serve these ovaries https://twitter.com/msjennajacobs/status/603027963681120256 …
The opening battle on that "you got served" movie
was I the only one thought that omarion & marques houston was fine af on that movie you got served?
Mike said for the break dance battle you can't copy moves from "you got served" "stomp the yard" or any other dance movie
You Got Served is still the best dancing movie made in my opinion.
MLRT ... Make me wanna go watch my favorite movie you got served now and I just might too
You Got Served is still the best dance movie of all time. With Step Up 2 as second.
Channel surfing and I usually get mad if I catch the last 30 minutes of a movie. I made an exception for You Got Served. This movie is dope.
What crazy person watches two recitals today the comes home and watches You Got Served? Lol. ME I love this movie! #contemporaryeric 
Shit I already tuned this movie out. Pretty sure grandma did to. I shlda thru on You Got Served.
no dance movie imo is gonna top ‘You Got Served’
Why have Omarion and Chris Brown not made a you got served while stomping the yard movie?
Gotta Sneak Peak Of That New "You Got Served PT.3" Movie Trailer Straight Official Shit Bitch . @PajoShowEm pic.twitter.com/m3fuN1k1sq"
@JumpDaPump I was just watching your fav movie You got served
You Got Served is such a criminally underrated movie. Unbelievable Marques Houston and Omarion didn't get Oscars for their performances.
You Got Served is a severely overrated movie....
You Got Served is on, I can't believe I used to think it was a cool movie haha
You got served will forever be my fav movie
You got served on , I straight love this movie lol
our favorite movie is you got served
I always wanted to know how to dance since I saw the movie You Got Served
slick should be a new You Got Served movie w them in it
does anyone ever hear a song that reminds them of You Got Served? i must've seen that movie 150 times. in my feels over You Got Served mybru
You Got Served RT @missesluvjones: 7. What is your favorite “dancing” movie of all time? #Luvs7
@B_Williams45 you got served oh yeah that song was for sure in there. After that movie I thought I was the shit at recess. Headband and all.
i wanna watch "you got served" i used to love that movie lmao
'We are your friends' = 'You got served' I loved you got served when I was younger. Kids are gonna love this movie.
@jungmulababy it's the "you got served" for djs....and I LOVED that movie
My mother just asked me did Omarion play in "You got Served" she watched the movie wit me idk how many time and he the main character
@s_razo24 @30SecondJams I'm saying Omarions career ended after the movie you got served.
You got Served was on the movie channel twice today and I watched it..
Gonna do You Got Served for the APUSH movie project
I love old songs and old movies. New shit dont excite me no more. Who has the movie You Got Served for me please
If your girl don't know the movie You Got Served then she's too young for you bro
You Got Served is one movie that never gets old!
You got served is my movie lol
You Got Served is the funniest movie of all time
I Put My Boys On To " You Got Served " Movie, I Swear They Watch It Everyday
You got served was a trash movie. And I'm the dumbass who has it on DVD
you got served is my movie
You got served is such a classic movie .
Watching You Got Served and tripping about how much me and @KrISSy_myLips watched this movie we knew quotes, dance moves, n all!
You Got Served really is the movie!
You Got served is still my favorite dancing movie till this day
Movie Preview : You Got Served Again https://twitter.com/yungbulaboy/status/599865288935505920 …
Because of my #lrt I will be going home to watch you got served ️ I just might dance for the whole movie lol @Allmightyyy_
You got served ..... Still the best dance movie I've seen or has been made and I don't care if you don't think so either
Stomp the Yard > Any dance movie... Even You Got Served
@ali_asian8 lmfao look I could do that shit. Give me some water over my head and you got a movie. You got served to be exact
My mom just asked me if I took "You Got Served" out the movie cabinet...... I DIDNT EVEN KNOW WE HAD THE MOVIE!!!
You Got Served was my movie I use to wanna be a dancer so bad lmao
Just can't take @1Omarion seriously. Every time I hear his voice, I think of his terrible acting in that terrible 'You got served' movie
Bro the movie theater was packed af when You Got Served came out lol all the lil niglets Was in there !!
You Got Served is the best movie on this planet sorry
You Got Served that movie
"You got served" use to be my movie
I like the straightforwardness of the title "You Got Served" for the movie. I indeed was
When You Got Served comes on tv>>> what a movie
I haven't watched you got served in like forever that's my favorite movie
All dance movies are good for one movie. Stomp the yard, You got served, Step up.
You got served still my fav movie of all time
Deadass though who gave the green light make the movie you got served
you got served is a pretty good movie. the two guys were fighting for weeks and they become friends because of a dance competition.. #goals
"You got served" is the only movie I know WORD BY WORD.. I've watched it too many times..
You Got Served Dance Battle...lmao because of this movie I wanted to be in a dance crew so bad http://youtu.be/mpa67jd1lB8 
BRO I'M WATCHING YOU GOT SERVED AND I JUST REALIZED I HAVE LEARNED SO MANY MOVES AND DANCE STYLES FROM THIS MOVIE
all time fav movie dance choreographies: coming to america, house party, she's all that and you got served.
You Got Served is probably my favorite dance movie.
Vae wears two wife beaters over the top of each other like he's in the movie you got served
2004 you got served will always be my favorite movie
I still love the movie 'you got served'
You got served Is still that fucking movie !!
think imma watch "you got served" , havent seen this movie in years .
You got served the best dance movie
ahaha the movie You Got Served
Let's be real, You Got Served is the OG dance battle movie of our decade
You Got Served still that movie. Lol
Nah the you got served movie
ATL , You Got Served , & Every Friday Movie my favsssss
You got served used to be my movie
Breakthrough Performances of the Summer Movies Season: After watching the street-dance movie “You Got Served” ... http://bit.ly/1zADwLg 
"YOU GOT SERVED" VHS Movie Tape Omari Grandberry, Marques "Batman" Houston *NEW* http://ift.tt/1zhSFR7  #Deals_US pic.twitter.com/K84AytQxcW
I feel like Millennials need a new dance Movie. "You Got Served a plate of Honey, so it's time to Step Up" or something along those lines..
When that trey songz- Slow Motion come on I be feelin like I'm Marques Houston dancing in the streets w/ rain in the movie You Got Served
@iliannalynn this like the next movie trailer to you got served
watching "you got served". oh how lame this movie was
You Got Served the best dance movie
You got served 2, Honey, The first Hulk movie https://twitter.com/shauntavia_m/status/593316205215219712 …
@totesthewizlord that movie was like the You Got Served of penguins
At my highschool there was always some dudes that swore like they were fresh out the movie "You got served"
Lmaoooo. Don't do this RT @ThoughtsofCole: Stomp the yard , drumline and you got served all the same movie lmaoo
YOU GOT SERVED IS THE BEST MOVIE EVER
You got served the realist movie of all time
You got served never gets old, good movie.
Hanging out with @calebkeime is like living in a you got served movie
You got served is a nice movie
"You got served" is the dumbest fucking movie ever. Oh no gang violence in this neighborhood just a whole lot of crumping.
You got served . Love this movie !
Smh I got slandered so much today because I said you got served a top 3 movie
RT @eonline: Kylie Jenner to star in 2016 reboot of 2003 classic dance movie You Got Served? http://eonli.ne/1DhCRtn  pic.twitter.com/NOQVDF4CgJ
I seriously will never understand how I was in love with the movie You Got Served. The acting is SO BAD!
You got served is my favorite dance movie when Marques Houston gets beat up in that hallway!! Fuck! Lmfao
I knew this song from you got served if yall remember that movie https://twitter.com/theciassicjams/status/580036427381084160 …
Last night was awesome! Chinese food and the movie You Got Served! with my sister. #girlsnight #90smusic #funtime
You Got Served>>>>>>>Your favourite dance movie
You got served was such a ridiculous movie but such a classic
22 Jump Street, You Got Served, and now Aquamarine? The movie gods are on my side today #stilltryingtostudytho
You Got Served used to be my all time favorite movie. I watched it several times a day, everyday. lol it was a sickness.
The very first you got served movie is the only dancing movie I'll ever like cause they actually fuken dance lmao
I remember when my fav movie was You Got Served haha
You got served is by far the best dance movie ever!!!!! S/o Omario s/o Houston
I used to think you got served was the coldest movie ever made, now when I watch it, I'm like "HEADASSS"
RT @iAm4rmJupiter: Lmaooooooooooo!! RT @bootyTRVP_: Still trying to remember if Lil Saint even danced in the movie "You Got Served" lol
Lmao, this movie is funny now that I'm watching it. " @RocNation19: The fact my cousin quoting "you got served ""
You Got Served is just an absurd movie all around
" @sydni5: @w0es_ you got served my movie thou , I'm pretty sure nobody got it but us . "badd.
Movie came out in 2004.. To all 90s kids. Yall remember "you got served"... That first dance battle!.. #gettinit
Watchin you got served high af thinkin how was dis lame ass movie ever even raw at one point
YOU GOT SERVED WAS THAT MOVIE DOE!
I still think You Got Served is the best movie of the 2000s
You got served... Hypest movie!!!
You Got Served is a dope ass movie
You got served will forever be that movie yo
Haha omg my girl is quoting the whole movie of "You Got Served"
You got served was always my movie
Watching you got served lmao this used to be that movie
If life was like the movie you got served and we danced our problems away, we all would be better rs . I would be getting right!!! Lol
You got served was a turnt ass movie
Wish I could break dance. I could be in some all Korean you got served movie
Name a few movies you can watch over and over? — You got served, my sassy girl korean movie, my girl and i, the... http://ask.fm/a/c13h4cb7 
When's the next You Got Served Or Stomp The Yard type movie coming out? Sighhh
No dance movie will ever be as good as You Got Served.
227's YouTube Chili' You Got Served 2004 Full Movie: You Got Served 2004 Full Movie You... http://bit.ly/1CH18IO  Jamaal Al-Din - NBA
You got served will always be my fav movie
One of the best movie experiences of my life was seeing You Got Served in the theater.
I feel like watching you got served, that movie used to be my shit
A pepperoni pizza, and the movie You Got Served is all I want.
They did it for Lil Saint RT @Glencocolaflare: Im watching You Got Served and laughing my ass off. Damn this was a terrible movie
watching you got served. my favorite movie lol
" @SlowmoJess: You got served was a hype movie "
I used to know every dance move to the movie you got served
Lmfaoo a scary movie just said "from the makers of You Got Served" Lmfaoo whaaaaat!?
Favorite movie you got served is on and I got a huge headache, so I guess I'm not going to sleep any time soon
Watching you got served // best movie ever
You got served used to be my favorite movie yo
“ @Kaylanalexus: Quote this with a movie that made you cry or tear up.” You Got Served, rip lil'saint
I'll square up with anybody that comes at You Got Served. That movie was nothing short of inspiring.
" @letmelivetho_: you got served was a terrible movie lmao" OMFG SOMEBODY AGREE WITH ME. non acting assholes
"You Got Served" was the movie that made every dude think all he needed was 4x sweats and biker gloves to be instantly raw at dancing
This new You Got Served movie is the worst dance movie I ever seen in my life
@sheffbx @Likeitornotmama @LilKim love her in this movie you got served !!!!!!!! she did that #tamarbraxtonvoice
That movie was “ greezy” RT @DJSMARTIEZ: You Got Served! RT @VLUTHERR: LOL stomp the yard
Watchin You Got Served this movie use to be my shit
Wisconsin vs duke matchup is reminding me of the movie "you got served"
You Got Served the only movie about the trap where all the main characters live and no one goes to the Penn.
You got served is really the movie
The movie You Got Served really tried to make niggas think Roger and Maybach O was pushing bricks.
If They ever made a movie about my life I hope they use the entire cast of "You Got Served"
“ @HitmanNash: what's your favourite black movie of all time?” freedom writers/paid in full/ you got served
"@kehlanimusic: I cry everytime Lil Saint dies. " You Got Served, if you aint grow up on that movie you ain't a 90's baby
You got served is my all time favorite movie, it never gets old
You got served will be my favorite dance movie
Does anyone else remember the movie "You got served"
On You Got Served, they said "Sonny gone get his" ... Sonny really wasn't in the rest of the movie.. They clapped him
You Got Served or Hannah Montana The Movie
You got served is on!!! Horrible movie, awesome intro. #RIPLilSaint
I think so too RT @MbuTaylor: Honestly "You Got Served!" Was the best dance movie of all time... But that's just my opinion.
@anamsiddiq @SopanDeb you got served, is my favorite movie.
It's still gotta be better than You Got Served RT @NotLikeAnt: paul blart 2 looks like pretty much the worst movie ever
Chill. It was revolutionary “ @MyTweetsTrashAF: You Got Served was the worst movie I ever saw”
No you got served slander RT @MyTweetsTrashAF: You Got Served was the worst movie I ever saw
There still making Step Up movies . You Got Served will always be the best dance movie. For Lil Saint
No dance movie tops you got served or stomp the yard
You Got Served was that movie growing up
Kids brought in You Got Served. They're so into this movie right now
There is no such thing as watching "You Got Served" with this guy because all he does is recite the whole script to you DURING the movie
I knew almost the whole You Got Served movie i swear
Bouta direct a movie , you got served 2 lol
You got served really that movie
Who hasn't seen You Got Served?! Lol. Best dance movie ever.
Who else knew that everyone from the group B2K was in the movie You Got Served?
This song always makes me think of the movie You Got Served. https://twitter.com/TheCIassicJams/status/580036427381084160 …
Photo from the new movie You Got Served 6 starring @cp3 pic.twitter.com/U0ltX7C7Np
Chris Paul out here trying to be in the next You Got Served movie
“ @Jah_Nay_Ah: 20. Favorite movie ?”ATL, you got served, LOVE & BASKETBALL
“ @KingPhilthy: “ @Queen__since95: I'm so sick of looking at You got served on Malik snap chat ” mf Fuvk you ”get a new movie
Y'all only like You Got Served cause its a hood movie. Its it was about some white kids y'all wouldn't care this much.
"@BigHseem: “ @AceRozaay: You Got Served is a classic movie!” The intro to that movie was everything."The intro makes you swear you can dance
Y'all only think You Got Served a good movie cause it had black niggas flipping and dancing everywhere. That shit was cheesy!
You got served the best movie ever
You got served really my fucking movie
I know all the words to you got served its sad how many times I done seen this movie
You got served is my new favorite movie
Alert, Alert. @itsmissdani has NEVER see the movie You Got Served! #watchingitnow
You got served is such a good movie
You Got Served used to be my fav movie
“ @_corbinoo: 45. Favorite Movie?”You got served
You got served > Channing Tatum dance movie (all twenty of them)
"You Got Served" Be Like!! Repost from youfunnyb @ have you seen this movie?? https://instagram.com/p/0y2Vgqn1Jh/ 
Soul Plane RT @MyTweetsTrashAF: You Got Served " @_iTaughtHerThat: Space Jam “ @__Senz: What's the worst movie you've ever watched?
i need to watch ''You Got Served'' again...the only dance movie that had a solid plot.
that nigga wanted war when he said " Step It Up TB" G O R L the rain that fell from that you got served movie that day... lawd.
None of these step up movies or the other one that had CB appear for 1minute can even beat b2k's "You Got Served Movie"...
I think "You Got Served" is filming there new movie in front of the Student Union right now..
You got served will always be a great dance movie
" you got served " movie is 11 years old daaaaaaaaaaaamn time is flyin
“@domgr8: you got served b like pic.twitter.com/0lroYFHO2f” MY FAVORITE MOVIE
@mindofcarter @Buttah_Cataldo you want a movie that is the goat and has life lessons go watch you got served
No dancing movie can ever compare to You Got Served
You Got Served: Take It to the Streets (2004) 54m [G] In this instructional companion to the movie You Got Served,... http://netflix.maft.uk/info/70000518 
You Got Served Full Movie PLAY NOW : http://j.mp/1bcNJSK  MORE MOVIE : http://tiny.cc/jqdvux  Instructions... http://youtu.be/vXxtZYumq74?a 
“@BALL4LEXX: my fav movie you got served is on. I was in this movie”
You got served is probably my favorite movie lol i love itttt
“@JuJu55Gilbert_: " @COREYFLOCA: YOU GOT SERVED ( THE MOVIE ) BE LIKE......... https://vine.co/v/OjM0Qb9QmE2 " ”
Doubt there’ll ever be a dance movie that beats you got served
Out of all movies You Got Served is that movie frfr! You'll find me in front of the tv when that movie comes on lol
Trimble looks like he belongs in a 90s boy bad or the movie "you got served" lol
Who watched you got served i love this movie even doe it is an old movie https://instagram.com/p/0elN_FwyK8/ 
What's the worst movie ever? — You Got Served http://ask.fm/a/c15n29km 
Omarion was just such a babe in the movie You Got Served
“ @samanthakorf: you got served is a great movie lol” black people found it first
You got served have my all my favorites songs in the movie
Movies that Iv watch so far tn: Step up all in Get rich or die Tryin Jarhead You got served Easily the best movie playlist
My favorite movie is you got served
What are your TOP 3 favorite Movies/Movie series. Mine is 1. Fast and Furious (Series) 2. The Lion King 3. You Got Served
@BombshellShai_ That was you eggin his bad ass on & he thought he was filming for the next You Got Served movie
You got served & Rush hour 2 RT @DirkDigEm201: Austin Powers: Goldmember RT @MissDoubleDees: What’s a movie you can quote word for word?
@ImSo3rd word, I feel you & I'm tooooooo hip ! You got served was my movie
The you got served movie sound track was so damn hype
Gone in 60 seconds "@didigotfiddys: You got served RT“@LiveLongLANCE: Describe your sex game with movie titles.”"
"You got served" was my movie. Still is
“@baaabybaaaby: 11. favorite movie lls ?” You got served or White chicks
i GOTTA watch you got served again i love that movie
YOU GOT SERVED, THAT'S DRAKE'S FAVOURITE MOVIE I REMEMBER HE SAID IT WAS ONE OF HIS FAVES A COUPLE YEARS AGO ON THAT SHITTY MUCH MUSIC SHOW
“ @youfunnyb: "You Got served" be like... W/ @LeanandCuisine #youfunnyb #comedy pic.twitter.com/KizqLLHJcg” Bruhh this was my movie
You Got Served use to be the best movie lmfaoo
All these movie reboots and still no sequel to You Got Served. Get it together Hollywood.
You got served will always be my favorite movie
when me & @AyeeLexus86 watched cheetah girls & you got served , we danced & sang with em like we was in the movie ourself
“@rubensalcedo49: I remember when I first saw You Got Served I thought it was the best movie ever made lmfaoooo”
Me: what movie is this? Mom: you deserve this Me: you mean you got served? Mom: yes that one
You got served weak a weak as movie
hm, you got served. RT @MannyDiesel: 12. Name a movie that describes your last sexual partner.
@MoneeQueen becausee thas from my movie You Got Served
You got served was that movie
"You Got Served" was that movie! They all battled in Adidas jump suits!
you got served is like my favorite movie
You got served still a fire ass movie !!
I know all the choreography to the first dance set on the movie 'you got served' ... for both teams. #loser
You got served is on lol this used to be my favorite movie
“ @Meet_Nallah: Could y'all imagine him in a movie like "stomp the yard" or "you got served" ”I hope he isn't dancing or 'stomping'
you got served used to be my favorite movie lol especially when it first came on. "FAT MAN SCOOP BROOKLYN CLAN"
Random thought and i jus ctfu. When I was in poland i was battle dancing. I thought i was in the movie You got served
I won't die. These boys think they're in you got served movie #dancelikeme #TheBigClash
@CallMeBerri lmao they put him in so many videos. The best one was the movie you got served with Omarion dancing I can't deal
Best dancing movie of all time is Breakin 1 & Breakin 2. Stomp the Yard, Rize, and You Got Served don't touch Breakin
Cried when Lil Saint died smh RT @_TheChosenWon: Am I the only person who loved the movie You Got Served? lol
@Yo_Soy_Jaron I knew it!!! they never move and been the same since the movie you got served !
Watching the movie you got served
man I remember when you got served came out in the theatres.walked out the movie an niggas was having soul train line awards
You got served is probably the best movie ever
I love the first "step up" movie but honestly "you got served" was the original!
You Got Served still a good ass movie lol
You Got Served will always be the nest dancing movie eveer
Gotta go see the NWA movie , that's like when you got served came out
“@GreatestJams: Joe Budden - Pump It Up https://vine.co/v/OIEwtwdqP9q ”this song reminds me of the movie You Got Served
All the “Step Up” Films. RT “ @iDntWearCondoms: You Got Served RT @SHAWNHINDRIIX: WUT MOVIE HAD THE WORST ACTING OF ALL TIME?”
YOU GOT SERVED ( THE MOVIE ) BE LIKE......... (Vine by @COREYFLOCA) https://vine.co/v/OjM0Qb9QmE2 
You Got Served!!!! Had an unforgettable time shooting this movie!!! #Ithinkilookthesame #IsaidITHINK… https://instagram.com/p/z3KwzrQ9xk/ 
Up watching you got served with Jayden talking about this his favorite movie boy that movie before you time
"You Got Served" was my favorite movie in middle school
You got served is damn near the worst movie ever. Damn it's so annoying
“ @Last_Queen1206: Watching You Got Served I been thirsty for this movie to come on ”
I swear you got served is literally the only movie where kenn will watch in its entirety and not get distracted.
Watching you got served this used to be my favorite movie
You Got Served is in my top five guilty movie pleasures.
You got served RT @MyNig: What’s the worst movie you’ve ever seen?
a 3 way tie between You Got Served, Bones & Temptation RT @MyNig: What’s the worst movie you’ve ever seen?
i gotta write a review on a movie. which movie should i write it on: stomp the yard or you got served?
You Got Served. I go crazy whenever I hear Pump It Up. Lol RT @HollyGoNightly1: What's your favorite TERRIBLE movie?
Austin Powers. RT @Nerd_Ferguson: Anaconda nh RT @swinfrey: You Got Served RT @HollyGoNightly1: What's your favorite TERRIBLE movie?"""
“ @SheHatesJacoby: NAME A MOVIE YOU THINK IS HORRIBLE BUT EVERYONE LOVES” you got served.
Malibus Most Wanted “ @RashaadTaylor23: You got served “ @HollyGoNightly1: What's your favorite TERRIBLE movie?””
I agree rt"@SERG_AVE: "You got served" is probably the best dance movie I've ever watched."
lmao. We watching a history movie while y'all watching you got served lol
Favorite movie ? — Uhhhh You Got Served maybe http://ask.fm/a/c2mdqg55 
you got served is the dopest movie
Watching You Got Served I use to think this movie was the shit
Idk what movie had the worst acting "You Got Served" or that Master P movie "Uncle P"
YOU GOT SERVED ( THE MOVIE ) BE LIKE......... (Vine by @COREYFLOCA) https://vine.co/v/OjM0Qb9QmE2 
Damn, You Got Served is such a dramatic ass movie
I have like fifty copies of Stomp the Yard but it came with You Got Served and I wanted that movie so I had to get it lol
Aka you got served mzansi RT @DashRSA Hear me move!!!! Haven't been excited about a movie in a while...lets go
“ @LoveeAshlee_: 1) #1 Favorite Movie ?” Death at a funeral, White Chicks, This Christmas, You Got Served,Fast & Furious (I have a lot)
You got served is a coo movie but it has the WORST acting
You got served will always be the best dancing movie ever made
That saddest part in any movie is when lil saint dies in you got served
Watching "You Got Served". Can't believe this movie came out eleven years ago.
You got served is my all time favorite movie
"I wanna see you got served" ..... "The volleyball movie" come on Katrina
Whenever it rains a small part of me wants to go outside and dance like Omarion in the movie You Got Served.
you got served “@bretheforbidden: 3. If you could star in a movie, which movie would you choose ?”
i remember you got served the movie was life!! lmao j boog was the best in the whole squad lolol
You spelled greatest wrong " @Profound_IQ: Watch You Got Served and tell me that hoe not the worst movie ever made"
@I_am_platypus This is the start of the new dance battle movie, You Got Served 5: We Ran Out of Ideas, due in theaters during the apocalypse
You got served was the best dance movie ever
“ @drakesbiebers: WHITE GIRL KILLED IT pic.twitter.com/nIAdNa9JLX” Bruh, she watched the movie "you got served" everyday
But you got served be having me feel like I'm in the movie.
You Got Served is on ... Everybody knows this is my favoriteeee movie
@TheBlackIcarus You Got Served still superior, doe. I'll still watch that movie (& skip to the battles) They had all the choreographers
Best dance movie You Got Served Final: http://youtu.be/yN4xhluvo4w 
You Got Served is the G.O.A.T. dance movie.There is no debate. R.I.P. Lil Saint smh he was too yung.
Who remembers that movie you got served? That used to be my shit man
“ @KeonWoods24: What's the worst death that happened in a movie??” Lil Saint in You Got Served
" @Weed_N_Brew: Let me go outside and break dance in the rain like the movie You Got Served"
YOU GOT SERVED ( THE MOVIE ) BE LIKE......... (Vine by @COREYFLOCA) https://vine.co/v/OjM0Qb9QmE2 
My Son Matthew Trying To Do a Move From The Movie - You Got Served: http://youtu.be/z2qtRZ3fynk?a  via @YouTube
When i was a youngbull i knew every move from you got served movie
You got served may be the worst dance movie ever (not counting sequels)
You Got Served is such a dope movie
Deleted Scene From The Movie "You Got Served" pic.twitter.com/kZ6rKZO7YH
You Got Served is the best dance movie hands down.
Every time You got served comes on tv, I'm like man this movie is horrible, but I end up watching it. lol
Watching you got served, this was that movie
The movie You Got Served always made me want to learn how to break dance
I used to be so obsessed with the movie You Got Served in grade school that I made my AIM screen name UGotServed910Ha
You Got Served Movie Trailer http://goo.gl/yICKuj 
watching You Got Served, this my favorite movie.
YOU GOT SERVED ( THE MOVIE ) BE LIKE......... (Vine by @COREYFLOCA) https://vine.co/v/OjM0Qb9QmE2 
@TruJoshGolden what is hip hop dancing? Like from the movie you got served?
What was the last movie you watched? — you got served http://ask.fm/a/c04c9f46 
You got served the best movie ever
You Got Served was the best dance movie ever, idc.
@brianlogandales excuse me, You Got Served is a GREAT movie.
…and then he says "You Got Served had the streets talking when it came out."A movie w B2k dancing. Who streets? Young streets, apparently.
You know what movie had the streets on lock when it came out? “You Got Served."
“@K_Blake77: @Shaq_Cocaine movie titles be like "You Got Served, Again"”that jawn would be fire yo
“@gabriellexox_: 6) Favorite Movie ?”you got served
No dance movie will ever be better than You Got Served!
You Got Served will never get old I love this movie
There was so much bad acting in the You Got Served movie smh everybody was horrible
Wht really put me on Anthony Hamilton .. Was the movie .. you got served .. Bru was listen to him. After he got robbed.
@Bdurbs @DammitDaryus @111unc chronicle is a good movie wtf are you talking about??? You cried during you got served like shit boy
“ @prncexvkiiim: chris brown aint have no movie as ill as you got served.” - this christmas is my movie . He only had a 2 min part in YGS
chris brown aint have no movie as ill as you got served.
You got served is a great movie
You got served is on and Omarion is a lil ecko endorser throughout whole movie
now that i look back, you got served is the corniest movie ever!! hahaha
You got served was a terrible movie. How many thugs y'all know in a underground twerk team
Friday** “ @WaavyLee: *The Wood RT @willyroast2: All Cali niggas favorite movie is you got served”
my bf srsly thought the movie you got served is about people getting sued #blesshim #hegrewupinutah #idunno
Movie funny as fuck RT “ @KCeezus: * 3 strikes RT @willyroast2: All Cali niggas favorite movie is you got served”
*Menace 2 society RT @KCeezus: * 3 strikes RT @willyroast2: All Cali niggas favorite movie is you got served
Man you got served was my movie
You got served is prolly the best movie
"You Got Served" will always be my favorite movie!
" @Forrest_Gumpxo: @__LighttBright “ @xo_drakewife: YOU GOT SERVED ( THE MOVIE ) BE LIKE......... https://vine.co/v/OjM0Qb9QmE2 ”"
You Got Served was that movie!!
You got served was that movie when it came out real shit
My son's swears he's in a you got served movie smh
Tbh You Got Served inspired me to be a dancer and the movie Honey
I remember when I learned the whole first dance of the you got served movie
“ @_misssmeena: “ @KwanzaRobinson: Stomp the yard the best dancing movie of all time” IM WATCHING THAT RN” you got served
im screaming @ this you got served / every dance movie ever parody on gta LMAOOOO
Zayn over here acting like he's in the you got served movie he's so cute wow https://vine.co/v/OUKM7MpYv65 
"@LyricJayy: What's that dancing movie when Lil Saint got killed?" You got served
Discuss: You Got Served is the best modern dance movie (i.e. has the best dance sequences).
, everytime this song come on I think about daddy's little girls ' you got served ' & every Tyler perry movie
I don't think any dance movie will ever top You Got Served
I love Stomp The Yard and any other good dance movie especially You Got Served
You got served is a top 10 movie of all time
Who remembers the movie You Got Served
you got served is my favorite movie
Lia made me watch you got served & frozen twice, Sarafina & remember the Titans. Here movie selection all over lol
this song from you got served just came on the radio..the one from the last dance battle at the end. I felt like I was in the movie
You Got Served used to be that movie
feel like I was born to be in you got served, idk how I know each and every dance step in that movie
" @jmitch27: imma start a flash mob that recreates the first scene in the movie You Got Served" Count me in.
You got served was such a good movie lol
Always wanted to be in a dance movie after I seen You Got Served lol
"You got served" was live though lol everybody wanted to dance when that movie came out
You Got Served RT @_MalcJack: Wild Wild West was my favorite movie when I was younger”
You got Served had best movie intro
@lowdudgeon @rockskimmer Imma bring it like in that movie You Got Served.
#trainer_tim Had to post her up super crush since YOU GOT SERVED #meagan_good #actor #movie_star… http://instagram.com/p/ysC8zhrNrV/ 
Be honest, after You Got Served came out you and your siblings would have dance battles even tho they was never crisp as the movie
You got served will forever be my favorite movie
You got served is the best dance movie of all time.
You Got Served is a wack movie outside of the dancing ...RIP Lil Saint
You Got Served was the movie. Lol #RIPLilSaint
You Got Served Is Really The Best Movie Ever
The movie "You got served" will forever be my favourite and let's not even get started on all the eye candy.
When lil saint dies in the movie you got served<<< smfh
“ @Dom_1524: You Got Served Will Go Down In Movie History!”
Half time done went from Lion King , to Teen Beach Movie , to You Got Served to Camp Rock 5
The last time I saw missy Elliot was on the movie you got served
This reminds me of the movie, "you got served" haha
You got served is a fucking awful movie
When that guy levitates! " @YeYe_ZA: bruh! " @LennyKKK_: you got served = best dance movie ever. idc idc idc bruh""
YOU GOT SERVED ( THE MOVIE ) BE LIKE......... https://vine.co/v/OjM0Qb9QmE2 
"You got served" has to be my favorite dance movie.
I swear you got served was the LIVEST movie to come out bro
You got served better than all the step ups and any other dance movie
You got served used to be that movie
Gonna watch you got served. My favorite movie
you got served , is my fuckin movie
@jonsvan92 @JV @StephenJurek They did this movie. It's called "You Got Served"
You Got Served Was A Lit Movie
Been fucking with Jhene Aiko since the You Got Served movie pic.twitter.com/Nj0taag5Mx
You got served is better than any step up movie Idc
whaaattt, she's so ratchet in that movie lmao “@_HKeast: Meagan Good in You Got Served >”
You got served was really that movie when it first came out !
Let's not forget @JoeBudden made "Pump it up" from the you got served movie
YOU GOT SERVED ( THE MOVIE ) BE LIKE......... https://vine.co/v/OjM0Qb9QmE2 
You Got Served was such a dope ass movie when it came out! Still my movie
You got served is the best dance movie ever
You Got Served is the best movie ever made!!!!
Trying to figure out which was the better movie: Drumline or You Got Served. Better brew a fresh pot of coffee #debateofthecentury
I really liked Raheem Sterling in his role in the movie 'You Got Served.' pic.twitter.com/WYVJgEaaH2
“@Renee1804: “ @TEAMKRUZE: Which movie didn't need a sequel?” You got served” Honey
You got served RT @KILLSheredon: Stomp The Yard RT @SHAWNHINDRIIX: RT WIT A MOVIE THAT DIDNT NEED A SEQUEL BUT THEY WASTED OUR TIME ANYWAY
Duane is my own lil saint just like in the movie you got served
" @DANde_Lionn: YOU GOT SERVED ( THE MOVIE ) BE LIKE......... https://vine.co/v/OjM0Qb9QmE2 "@mike_noKors
When im turnt and start dancing, I always feel like im in the You Got Served movie..
The first dance battle on You Got Served is the best battle of the whole movie to me lol
I can go for a little You Got Served right now that movie is raw
You Got Served really my movie...
Yaw gon see me in the next you got served movie oms.
watching "you got served" love that movie
@VivianaGastelum the movie you got served, turbos and a sweet tea
Anyone seen the movie Make Your Move? looks like is hilariously awful...like you got served mixed with step up mixed w/ something else.
Deleted footage from the hit movie "You Got Served" https://vine.co/v/OpTJhKn1YlE 
You got served will always be my favorite movie
Only just taking in how much of an unserious movie "you got served" was
@_nadeemthedream I SAID NO DISCUSSION BUT LET ME TELL U HOW GREAT OF A DANCING MOVIE YOU GOT SERVED IS. I WAS LIKE A KID IN A CANDYPARK
No dance movie will ever be better than You Got Served
Here I am tweeting about dance&at the same time,so is @1Omarion What can I say,we both love to danceI still have my You Got Served movie
@KalliBeardsley1 @GABthatass I'm just saying if we were in the movie you got served.....I woulda took the money AND the girl.
So tonight I watched the Lego movie and you got served while eating insomnia. My friends are the shit
YOU GOT SERVED ( THE MOVIE ) BE LIKE......... https://vine.co/v/OjM0Qb9QmE2 
You Got Served was an intense ass movie.
Movie marathon - you got served, stomp the yard, and honey
I have hate/love relationship with the movie You Got Served. It's so awesomely bad it's good lol
You Got Served used to be my favorite movie when I was younger.
Can someone tell shannon and Kelsey how good of a movie you got served is
This movie and You Got Served used to have me in the living room wild'n https://vine.co/v/hg9wt0tgaZ2 
“ @__KingChip: “@Zayyy_AB: YOU GOT SERVED ( THE MOVIE ) BE LIKE......... https://vine.co/v/OjM0Qb9QmE2 ” hell yea”yo did that! Lls
You got served is my favorite movie
I remember when you got served came out. I had a spray painted shirt I got made just for the movie
When You Got Served first came out I made it my goal to audition for the next movie lol
You didn't really enjoy You Got Served unless you wanted to be a dancer after the movie.
@BecomingTXBeast That movie was pushing it. Hard. I'd rather watch you got served. On repeat.
*Battle of the Year RT @MyTweetsTrashAF: You Got Served ”@WallStWatkins: RT with the worst movie that you’ve ever seen.“
When her favourite movie of all time is You Got Served https://vine.co/v/OD0pQvbVIjh 
nah @starz_channel how u gonna put you got served in the comedy movie section???????? disrespect as fuck
" @COREYFLOCA: YOU GOT SERVED ( THE MOVIE ) BE LIKE......... https://vine.co/v/OjM0Qb9QmE2 " Mike ass would do something like this @MikeLipkins
YOU GOT SERVED ( THE MOVIE ) BE LIKE......... https://vine.co/v/OjM0Qb9QmE2 
No dance movie would ever come close to being a great as You Got Served or the first Stomp The Yard
Favorite movie? — Fast and Furious 1-7, and you got served http://ask.fm/a/bo96qlh3 
Pretty disrespectful of the starz play app to put You Got Served in the comedy movie section
You Got Served was a terrible movie. Like really terrible
You got served is the best dance movie by far
You got served"@Thafoorah: Tweet that movie you can watch over and over again #MintWaterProduction #Dare2Pair"
“@TroyAndretti: Only movie u can argue better than Lion King is You Got Served”
YOU GOT SERVED ( THE MOVIE ) BE LIKE......... Cdfuuuu https://vine.co/v/OjM0Qb9QmE2 
Someone really needa make another good dancing movie. You Got Served & Stomp the Yard are 2 of my favorite movies
I really only watch the last dance scene on You Got Served when the movie come on
You got served will always be my movie
RT if you like the movie "You Got Served"
What's your favorite movie scene? — The first dance battle in You Got Served. http://ask.fm/a/bkl84bq5 
You got served is THAT movie
The only dance movie that I've seen proper acting in, was Stomp The Yard.... Okay and You Got Served was okay too.
When ya nigga say his favorite movie you got served https://vine.co/v/OD2J2p7ndXQ 
Before You got Served or Step Up or Stomp the Yard there was this and Breakin...classic movie.. pic.twitter.com/oB23lfPvkz
You got served still the best movie
Plot wise, You Got Served is a pretty corny movie but the dancing is pretty ill lol
I loveeeeeee "you got served" best dance movie period.
You Got Served is a badass movie.
Im flippin thru the channels and the movie "You got served" is on...and i swear marcus houston look like Ol boy... http://fb.me/3dwQK1EH2 
So Imma watch you got served this movie used to be poppin
I still feel You Got Served is thee best dance movie ever made followed by StepUp 4: Revolution...others SIT DOWN!!
You Got Served is the greatest dance movie of all time no discussion about it
The girls use to say "You got served" all the time... and I useta crack up laughing saying "Served, Served", cuz they never saw the movie
my fav movie is you got served . idc
Yall cowboys fans just mad, cause today Yal suckas got SERVED ! "Quote from The movie You Got Served" incase u didn't know lmao
i Wonder if any of the cast/creW of 'You Got Served' realized after the movie that it should of been $10K that... http://fb.me/38m1hnk66 
bruhhhh you got served is so turnt I love this movie
I'm having a throwback Saturday watching "You Got Served".This movie was it with my high school buddies and I! Lol @APRYLSJONES @1Omarion
You got served is such a good movie
The lay in the movie You Got Served is fire dawg. I can't believe everybody use to dress like that.
You Got Served my third favorite movie
"You got served" still has some of my fav dance moves and music. Dumb movie but dope dancing. @HoffmanRobert was the best of course.
You Got Served is my favorite movie! So many HOT black guys
Watching You Got Served.. this movie was big Corny af b.
This movie you got served on tv this morning got me mad af . Lol like wdf
The impact that "You Got Served" movie had on kids of its time tho... I even saw me being a pro dancer!..lol..I woulda,coz I wasn't that bad
“ @__d3stiny: 13. fav movie ?” You got Served, Bring it On, Juno, The Playas Club
In the house with my young bloodz watchn You Got Served giving them a schooling,watching the first dance movie b4 it all got white washed
Apparently I can't get over this movie "You Got Served" this has to be tha millionth time I'm watching this movie. #Nw You Got Served ツ
You got Served was everybody favorite movie
Random movie just popped into my head: You Got Served
After watching You Got Served again, I realize how bad the acting is in this movie. My goodness, this is beyond terrible! How did it go big?
This second intermission is brought to by You Got Served... Arguably the best breakdance movie of the aughts.
I will forever love the movie, You Got Served.
I don't want to alarm anyone, but You Got Served just started on some movie channel (one of the Cinemax's I think). [cc: @talkhoops]
When that white dude floated in mid air during You Got Served I damn near had a heart attack in the movie theater.
“ @KTGoesA_Wall: G-Baby gettin killed in Hardball definitely. RT @TheOnlyReed: YALL wanna do saddest movie moments?” Lil Saint You Got Served
“ @kennysays: When lil Saint died in You Got Served that was a sad ass movie death too.”
Bruh now that I'm older & the dance scenes aren't what they used to be, You Got Served is a fucking terrible movie.
Funniest movie moment was when Marques Houston got beat up in You Got Served
Lil Saint in You Got Served “ @Shakez843: what's the saddest movie death?”
Yup " @KrazyAzzK: I've never seen You Got Served. B2k was in that movie right?"
