username;date;retweets;favorites;text
idc what anyone says, the Polar Express will forever be the best Christmas movie
Stop hating on the polar express people it's actually my favorite movie & it makes me sad when people say it's a bad movie!
the polar express is honestly the worst movie i have ever laid my eyes on
The polar express is a cold movie
The Polar Express is the best Christmas Movie hands down. If you disagree the door is that way
ew the polar express may be the worst Christmas movie ever
the polar express literally is the worst Christmas movie of all time someone end it please
still think the Polar Express is the best Christmas movie ever made
the polar express is hands down the best Christmas movie
The Polar Express Is Still That Movie
S/O to everybody whose fav Christmas movie is the polar express.
How do people like the polar express? It is the most pointless and creepy Christmas movie
the polar express is my favorite christmas movie
the Polar Express is the only Christmas movie that has an accurate amount of elves
i cant believe louis and fawn sang the polar express song in aaood3 part 6 the polar express is my fave xmas movie so im loving all this
The greatest Christmas movie of all time is not the polar express
The "Polar Express" it is like the best Christmas movie ok?
Come join Charlie and Santa for this FREE event on Dec 12th! Toy drive, crafts and "The Polar Express" movie! pic.twitter.com/cZn3NWpPjW
omg the Polar Express is the best movie ever
Free #Christmas movie again this Fri! We're watching The Polar Express at 7p by the Christmas tree. Bring your... http://fb.me/Ui0kpJY1 
Has ABC played any Christmas movie other than the Grinch, Elf, and The Polar Express this year?
the Polar Express my fav Christmas movie
I haven't seen the Polar Express... But it just seems like a trash ass Christmas movie.
@VanGeez18 omg the polar express has been my favorite movie for years
the polar express is such a good movie aah
What's a good Christmas movie that isn't The Polar Express?
I I have to show Caiden the polar express ! That's a classic movie also
Yesterday I watch my favorite Christmas movie it was the Polar Express now just waiting for Elf to come on ABC family
Left my window open and I heard the train. I really want to want The Polar Express. Forever my fav Christmas movie
Am I the only one that doesn't like the Christmas movie The Polar Express ??
The Polar Express will forever be my favorite Christmas movie
I want to watch the Polar Express! My favorite Christmas movie of all time
The Polar Express is my favorite movie
"The Polar Express" is a great movie but it's always gave me chills at some parts
The polar express will always be the best Christmas movie
Am I the only one who had nightmares about the Polar Express movie??!!?!
fun fact: i hate the movie the polar express
why is the polar express a horror movie
The polar express is my all time favorite Christmas movie
The polar express is the only Christmas movie I don't like
Tbh I hate the polar express movie
no better Christmas movie than the polar express !!!!!
ok the hot chocolate scene from the polar express is 10/10 the best musical scene in any movie ever
Am I the only one who hates the movie the polar express
The Polar Express is the worst Christmas movie of all time
The polar express is by far my fave Christmas movie! and forever will be
The Polar Express will forever be my favorite Christmas movie, I love it so much
'The polar express' best Christmas movie ever!
The Polar Express is such a cute movie
The Polar Express is by far my favorite Christmas movie
The Polar Express is most definitely the best Christmas movie
The Polar Express give me nightmares. It's the creepiest movie in existence.
The Polar Express will always be a good movie
The Polar Express is my favorite holiday movie ever. #IBelieve
I'm so tired of ABC family playing the polar express if I see this movie one more time Ima lose it
omg crying right now o; The Polar Express is such a good movie :)
I don't know how someone could hate the polar express...it's honestly my favorite Christmas movie
idk why people fight me on this , elf is such a better movie the the polar express
The polar express is the worst Christmas movie ever lmao
the polar express will forever be my favorite christmas movie
The Polar Express will always be my #1 fav Christmas movie
My favorite Christmas movie is the polar express
the polar express is a terrible movie its scary
The Polar Express is hands down my favorite Christmas movie. When the hero boy hears the bell ring in front of Santa OMG CHILLS EVERY TIME
The Polar Express was lw a horror movie for me when I was small.
The Polar Express is hands down the best Christmas movie
The polar express is definitely my favorite Christmas movie
my least favorite Christmas movie is The Polar Express
Tbh The Polar Express is a weird Christmas movie
@ABCF25days The Polar Express is my favorite Holiday Movie!
i just watched the polar express and honestly the whole movie is such an acid trip
the polar express is the worst Christmas movie.
Nothing will every beat the polar express movie
The polar express is probably the most boring Christmas movie ever
The Polar Express is the worst movie of all time, id rather be hit by the polar express than watch that movie
The polar express will always be my favorite Christmas movie
The polar express is such a good Christmas movie
The Polar Express will forever be my absolute fav. Christmas movie!
Idc what people say. The Polar Express will always be my favorite holiday movie. No matter how old I am
the polar express is definitely my favorite christmas movie
@OTRADaily the polar express is such a nice movie
I still think it would be cool if The Polar Express movie happened in real life
Is it just me, or does The Polar Express movie look like Christmas DLC for Bioshock? NO GODS OR KINGS, ONLY KRINGLE
Why does ABC Family continuously replay the Polar Express?!? It's obviously the worst Christmas movie & everyone knows it
I don't care how old I get The Polar Express will always be like my fav Christmas movie lol
Watching the Polar Express and seriously questioning why this is a kids' movie, because it is sort of terrifying. And so weird.
My Christmas movie list: 1. The Polar Express 2. The Polar Express & 3. The Polar Express
The Polar Express hands down the best Christmas movie
The polar express is the worse Christmas movie of all time.
The Polar Express is by far the worst Christmas movie!!!
the Polar Express will forever be my favorite Christmas movie
@ABCF25days the polar express will forever be my favorite Christmas movie out there #ThePolarExpress
The hot chocolate scene from the Polar Express is hands down the best part of the entire movie
@anjeldouros_ if I could watch one movie for the rest of my life it would be the polar express
The Polar Express is my favorite Christmas movie because I'm in it pic.twitter.com/aRo5lR9Ty7
@GambrillP do you still not think the polar express is the best Christmas movie?
If the polar express isn't your favorite movie I don't want to be friends
Natalie- "We're just watching the polar express" Austin- "I think the polar express is more of a pants-on kind of movie"
The polar express was my fav movie omg
The polar express will always be my favorite Christmas movie
the Polar Express is probably the clutchest movie in Christmas movie history
The girl in The Polar Express movie gives me nightmares
The first time I saw the Polar Express I was questioning whether or not to believe in Santa and then after the movie, I believed
The Polar Express is my all time favorite Christmas movie.
The polar express is the greatest holiday movie
The polar express is a movie that makes me wish we had snow on the ground.
The Polar Express is a great movie with great music
I actually don't care what anyone says, The Polar Express is a scary and fucked up movie
The Polar Express hands down the best Christmas movie
The polar express its such a magical movie
the polar express is my movie
The Polar Express is the best christmas movie ever
Does it make me slightly unAmerican if I hate the polar express movie, like I can't stand it
I don't get how people like the polar express that is the worst movie
the polar express has to be my favorite Christmas movie
One Christmas movie I'll never get tired of is "The Polar Express"
So we can all just agree The Polar Express is the worst Christmas movie of all time right?
The Polar Express is easily a top 3 Christmas movie
So happy I finally have time to watch my favorite Christmas movie, The Polar Express #25DaysOfChristmas
The Polar Express is on!! So excited, love this movie!! #polarexpress2015
noah fence but the polar express is the worst christmas movie
My favorite movie, The Polar Express, is on right now & I'm beyond happy
I don't care how old I am, The Polar Express will always be my favorite Christmas movie.
The polar express is my favvvv Christmas movie ever
No matter how bad I force my self to like the polar express, it will always be my least favorite Christmas movie
The polar express is my all time favorite movie
the polar express is such a good movie
The Polar Express the best movie
The Polar Express will forever be my fav Christmas movie
@IamTheAppleMan The Polar Express is the worst Christmas movie #ISaidIt
The Polar Express is that movie mane....
I love the movie the polar express so so much
No, you're just honest " @bulldogbabexo: am I the only one who thinks The Polar Express is the worst & most overrated movie ever? #oops”
I hate The Polar Express its the worst Christmas movie to me.
The Polar Express is easily my favorite Christmas movie
The polar express would have been a way better movie if one of the kids had died
This might be an unpopular opinion but I actually don't like the movie the polar express
The Polar express will always be the best Christmas movie ever. #hateonme
Watching the Polar Express movie makes me miss our ballet so much.
The Polar Express has always been my favorite Christmas movie
The polar express is by far my favorite Christmas movie! #PolarExpress
the polar express is just all around horrible movie
the polar express will always be my favorite christmas movie
They only play the polar express around Christmas time, knowing its a Christmas movie and all but that's my favorite cartoon Christmas movie
Omg the kid with the glasses on the polar express is so annoying sometimes I legit can't watch the movie just bc I don't wanna listen to him
THE POLAR EXPRESS IS ON. My fav movie!!!
The Polar Express is a magical movie.
if the polar express isn't your favorite Christmas movie then you're lying.
The Polar Express will FOREVER Be My Favorite Christmas Movie
Watching my favourite Christmas movie The Polar Express on @ABCF25days #ThePolarExpress #25DaysOfChristmas
the polar express is my fav christmas movie
the polar express is the best Christmas movie of all time
the Polar Express is by far my favorite Christmas movie, never gets old
the polar express will always be my favorite christmas movie
i love the polar express movie
Am I the only one who hates the polar express movie
The polar express is my least favorite movie
the polar express has been and always will be my favorite Christmas movie of all time
Watching the polar express cutest movie @stanny_provost9
The polar express is by far my fav Christmas movie
When you enjoy watching The Polar Express movie more than your little sister
I really love The Polar Express, it's absolutely my favorite Christmas movie
hello the polar express, the greatest Christmas movie of all time, is on ABC family right now, tune in for a great time, polar express is
I think the polar express has to be my favorite Christmas movie
The Polar Express is the dankest Christmas movie
I could watch the polar express 4000 times in a day.. Talk about a favorite Christmas movie
The Polar Express is my favorite movie
The worst movie ever is probably......The Polar Express, no doubt.
The Polar Express on I love this movie
The polar express is probably my favorite xmas movie ever
the polar express is my favorite Christmas movie hands down
Awwe the polar express movie is on
The only movie I can watch 1000 times is probably The Polar Express nun else
I really really dislike The Polar Express movie, it is just so creepy to me.
The Polar Express isn't good. It is the most amazing, heartwarming, moving, magical, and inspirational movie the world has ever known.
The Polar Express is the best Christmas movie.
The polar express makes everything better but then the movie ends & life sucks again
My favorite Christmas movie of all time is the polar express i know all the words and could watch it 24/7
The polar express is by far my least favorite Christmas movie
The polar express will Always be my favorite Christmas movie
the polar express will always b my fav Christmas movie
The Polar Express is on and it's my child hood holidays in a movie!
The polar express is hands down the best Christmas movie no comp.
The Polar Express will never Get OLD , my fav Christmas Movie
Day 8 movie is The Polar Express...... p.s. I miss you babe @Tyler_Scott3
The Polar Express has got to be my fav Christmas movie
the polar express is my all time fav christmas movie
The Polar Express is my absolute favorite Christmas movie ever
As soon as I hear the opening music for The Polar Express, I'm brought to tears. I've never loved a movie so much in my life..
The Polar Express will forever be my favorite Christmas movie
GOODBYE THE POLAR EXPRESS IS ON AKA BEST CHRISTMAS MOVIE
the polar express is my favorite movie and i cry at the end EVERY time #noregrets
The polar express is my favorite movie
The polar express is such a good Christmas movie
Me and De favorite movie is the polar express
The Polar Express is down right the creepiest kids movie ever. I remember being in elementary school thinking "this is messed up". 0/10.
All aboard!Welcome to the Polar Express. Get your tickets ready! K Ss loved the movie, hot choc and wearing jammies! pic.twitter.com/rxdBv4hDOj
The Polar Express is definitely the best Christmas movie
am I the only one who thinks The Polar Express is the worst & most overrated movie ever? #oops
ngl I used to always want to drink that hot chocolate from the polar express movie like I used to wish Id get kidnapped n put on that train
The polar express is also a fantastic Christmas movie
@CanadianTire A2 My favourite Christmas Movie is the Polar Express! #CTChristmas
I used to hate The Polar Express cause the movie is so quiet and slow but now I think it's really relaxing to watch.
Pretty sure the polar express is on tonight but I can't watch bc that movie makes me sad and I'm already sad enough
Watching the polar express best Christmas movie ever
The polar express is my fav movie and I wanna watch it with my bf ..
All Aboard for The Polar Express! Bring the whole family to our annual Christmas movie tradition. Kids get a... http://fb.me/5sCUmqTmR 
The Polar Express will forever be my favorite Christmas movie..
My dad is complaining that the polar express isn't realistic. A movie about a magic train, going to see Santa isn't realistic. Sorry dad.
I think the polar express is the worst Christmas movie
All Aboard The Polar Express (movie) Join us at the Broadway Theater in Downtown Rock Springs on Friday,... http://fb.me/7rfHT4yzW 
The Polar Express is hands down the best animated Christmas movie ever created
Alex isn't enjoying the Santa Claus movie and she didn't like The Polar Express. Currently questioning this whole friendship.
Batesville Public Library will be showing The Polar Express movie at 10am tomorrow, Dec. 9th. Wear your pajamas!!!!
im still waiting for an amusement park to make a simulation coaster based off The Polar Express movie
Free Holiday Movie Night, 12/18! The Polar Express, large screen, Waiting Room, Union Depot. http://www.uniondepot.org/event/holiday-movie-night-5/?instance_id=61779 …
The Polar Express is the weirdest Christmas movie ever! It creeps me out so much tbh
The Club will be showing "The Polar Express" TONIGHT at 7 p.m. for weekly Movie Night! #TAMUC pic.twitter.com/CPJRweG0SF
The polar express is the cutest movie ever
All Aboard the Polar Express! Enjoy a #FREE Movie at the Civic this Saturday. http://goo.gl/Chc3H8  #StocktonCA pic.twitter.com/hEfNmAW7DF
When she says The Polar Express is her favorite Christmas movie pic.twitter.com/U9jTHCr9J1
I need to find the polar express on DVD my #fave Christmas movie
The Polar Express is hands down my favorite Christmas movie.
The Polar Express is such a dope movie
Can't wait for The Polar Express to come on. I love that movie!
I didn't even realize how old the movie the polar express was until I remembered I watched it for the first time in 4th grade
The polar express is the best Christmas movie , just saying
@Aleahh_Michelle unlike the polar express I hate that movie
@Tyres_Zurya hey I watched the polar express today and you are right it is a really good movie
"The polar express isn't a Christmas movie, it's a documentary" @wolffey23
@ckrajcer3 I still want to try the hot chocolate in the polar express movie
The polar express will forever be my favorite Christmas movie
I swear, one movie that I'll NEVER get tired of is The Polar Express. Loved it since I was a lil kid.
Watching My fav Christmas Movie The Polar Express
The Polar Express is my favorite Christmas movie of all time
so excited for the polar express to come on tomorrow idc idc favorite Christmas movie
I love The Polar Express Naww Seriously that's my Favorite Christmas movie...IDC
I actually hate the movie "the polar express" #sorrynotsorry
Christmas movies, ranked: 1. Elf 2. The Santa Clause 3. The Polar Express 4. Christmas Vacation . . . 999. Any Hallmark Christmas Movie
The polar express best movie
The Polar Express is the worst Christmas movie ever made #UnpopularOpinion
The Polar Express is hands down the best Christmas movie
my favorite Christmas movie come on tmr the polar express
A5: My favorite holiday movie is The Polar Express. I love the magical journey of it. #wattpad4 https://twitter.com/MonicaBSanz/status/674041668694360064 …
The Polar Express is 100% my favorite Christmas movie, it never gets old
The Polar Express is such a good Christmas movie.
"I don't agree with hating on the Polar Express either but you don't need to threaten someone's butt over a movie!" - @RachelGrzelak
Movie night at E's school. I actually have not seen The Polar Express yet. Shocking since I'm a… https://www.instagram.com/p/_ApBzuAFqH/ 
The Polar Express I think is the best Christmas movie
Okay, let's all be real with each other and agree that The Polar Express was not a good movie
The Polar Express is such a good movie
The polar express will always be my favorite Christmas movie
I high key hate the movie the polar express
Best Christmas movie you'll ever see is the Polar Express
@treystahl_ the polar express is the worst movie in the world
@joshdunsays did you pull this out of the movie the polar express like what the fuck
no Christmas movie beats the polar express, home alone, or the grinch
The Polar Express has got to be my all time favourite Christmas movie
The Polar Express is my favorite Christmas movie
All Aboard the Polar Express - Movie at the Civic! http://goo.gl/Chc3H8 
Movie of the Week: The Polar Express, this Tuesday at 8:45 am at ABC Family! Movie produced by Warner Bros.... http://fb.me/4FqX13Ekw 
The Polar Express is probably my favorite "modern" Christmas movie and I'm not embarrassed to admit it. Okay maybe a little! :)
Come join Charlie and Santa for this FREE event on Dec 12th! Toy drive, crafts and "The Polar Express" movie! pic.twitter.com/etoBDwRXWH
The Polar Express @ LAMS: 12/8, 6-8pm for MR K-3 students & older sibs! Sponsored by Student Council. Movie, pocorn, fun! $10/$8 per child.
Sometimes you get involved in a Facebook war regardng the Polar Express and what a terrible movie it is.
#Christmas Movie Trivia: The actor that played in The Polar Express is: a) Tim Allen b) Hugh Jackman c) Tom Hanks pic.twitter.com/ahBuXcmuiL
@StephieSoto Watch "The Polar Express", I watched it last night, it's my favourite Christmas movie
I didn't like the movie The Polar Express. I don't know what it was about that movie but I just didn't like it.
One of the best movie scenes by far is in The Polar Express when they serve hot chocolate
I really like CD's and The Polar Express movie on dvd as well @ secretsanta @ secretsanta
when I was little the polar express was the best christmas movie and I still think it is
I never thought The Polar Express was a cute movie. I thought that was the scariest most weirdest movie ever.
The polar express is really that movie. It never gets old
I'm tired of people pretending that the polar express is a good movie
The best Christmas movie of all time is the Polar Express. Don't argue with me.
the polar express is such a weird movie like what the heck
The Polar Express will forever be my favorite movie
If you don't like the movie 'The Polar Express' I can't trust you
the polar express has been my fav Christmas movie since 2nd grade
THE POLAR EXPRESS IS TOP MOVIE TO WATCH DURING THE CHRISTMAS TIME. WELL FOR ME. IDK ABOUT YOU
the polar express is the greatest christmas movie to ever exist no arguement
The polar express is still my favorite christmas movie to this day
I really HATE The Polar Express. It is the worst Christmas movie ever. #UnpopularOpinion
The polar express is the worst Christmas movie.
the polar express is the christmas movie https://twitter.com/earthmatriarch/status/673711694611423232 …
The Polar Express is my all time favorite Christmas movie
The Polar Express is easily the most fire Christmas movie
my favorite christmas movie is the polar express idgaf how old I am.
The Polar Express is like if aliens with no emotions except hate and no understanding of human history made a Christmas movie.
It's not Christmas time till you watch the greatest Christmas movie ever...The Polar Express.
The Polar Express will forever be my favorite movie.
The polar express should really be on Netflix cause that's my fav Christmas movie
Wtf is the polar express? This movie is a lot more effed than I remember it being in grade 5
The Polar Express is seriously the best movie of all time
I don't care how old I am I will forever love the polar express movie sorry
@shannonodell You're right, "The Polar Express" is the greatest Christmas movie ever!
The Polar Express is actually such a good movie
The polar express is such a good movie
Watching the Polar Express as really trying to get into the Christmas spirit,great movie. Have a good night everyone & sweet dreams
elf>>>the polar express & every other Christmas movie lol
The polar express is the wackest movie of all time
As good as Home Alone is, The Polar Express is easily the best Christmas movie
The polar express will forever be my favorite Christmas movie no matter how old I get
"The Polar Express oh that was like the scariest movie ever" ~Nadia...
The best Christmas movie ever is the Polar Express & that's final
The polar express is a really cool movie but who tf would get on a random train with a random man saying it's going to the north pole
The Polar Express has to be my favorite Christmas movie
I could watch the polar express a thousand times I love that movie
The Polar Express will forever be the greatest Christmas movie of all time
If you don't think The Polar Express is the best Christmas movie, you're wrong.
Moonstone parade, rum and eggnog, and family movie night with the Polar Express! #perfectsunday #christmashappiness
The Polar Express is such a garbage Christmas movie
I don't think there's a movie I hate more than the Polar Express.
I Wanna Watch The Polar Express Favorite Christmas Movie
my favorite Christmas movie is the polar express
The Polar Express da best Christmas movie to come out .
The polar express is hands down the best Christmas movie!!
The polar express is a very strange movie
When your youth leader throws bags of popcorn at you during the Polar Express movie. @PVNStudents #JustPVNThings
The Polar Express (movie) makes me emotional. On many different levels.
the polar express is still my favorite xmas movie to this day
I want the polar express to come on man, IN LOVE WITH THAT MOVIE
The Polar Express will always be my favorite holiday movie.
The Polar Express is by far my favorite Christmas movie
The polar express is hands down my fave xmas movie
The Polar Express > every other Christmas movie
My favorite Christmas movie as a child was The Polar Express
the polar express is one Christmas movie I will never get tired of
I like the hot chocolate scene in The Polar Express movie (*´˘`*)♡
The Polar Express is really my movie
The polar express is my all time favorite Christmas movie ever
the polar express is easily the worst movie ever
The polar express is my all time fav movie it always takes me back to elementary school when we would go in pjs & drink hot chocolate!
the polar express is such a good movie but it was so scary to me when i used to watch it
The Polar Express is the worst Christmas movie
The Polar Express is by far my favorite Christmas movie
If one more person disses The Polar Express and calls it a bad movie, I'm gonna spread their Christmas cheer with my foot to their rear
The Polar Express will forever be my favorite Christmas movie
The Polar Express is easily the best Christmas movie
The Polar Express is such a beautiful movie.
THE POLAR EXPRESS IS UNDOUBTEDLY THE BEST MOVIE EVER. NO ONE CAN FIGHT ME ON THIS
The characters in the Polar Express movie have better eye lashes me then me
The polar express is hands down the best Christmas movie ever.
The volunteers at @cvsrr took us inside the Polar Express movie and it was magical! #tistheseason… https://www.instagram.com/p/-9ziitGWF9/ 
The Polar Express has got to be the best Christmas movie
Just walked into Sam's room to find her watching a movie and crying... It was The Polar Express
Then Aerosmith shows up at the end??? And the Conductor is kind of terrifying??? Like honestly the Polar Express is just a wild movie
now that I'm older I've learned how great of a movie the polar express really is
The Polar Express is the one movie that I can watch over and over again and still love the movie just as much
The Polar Express is such a magical christmas movie
i think The Polar Express is my favorite Disney Christmas movie
The Polar Express was on and I forgot the name of it so I called it the Christmas Train Movie
The polar express is my all-time favorite Christmas movie
the polar express is such a trippy movie
The Polar Express will always be my favorite Christmas movie
I hate the polar express... probably my least favorite Christmas movie..
the polar express is literally such a good movie & the reason I'm gonna fail all my finals
In my opinion "The Polar Express" is the best Christmas movie ever!
I love the movie The Polar Express
The Polar Express is a must see movie during Christmas time
The polar express is such a good movie I love it
the polar express is the worst movie #unpopularopinion
the polar express is the best Christmas movie ever
The Polar Express is the best Christmas movie
@MAGGIEPUDENZ the polar express is the greatest movie ever made
Watching the polar express y'all just don't know how much I love this movie lol
Love the Polar Express Movie
The Polar Express movie legitimately scares me
The Polar Express is honestly my favorite Christmas movie of all time.
the polar express with always be my favorite Christmas movie
The polar express is like my fav Christmas movie
The Polar Express is such a great movie
the Polar Express will always be my favorite christmas movie
The Polar Express movie is playing on TV but I started late and missed the hot chocolate song part so really what's the point
the polar express is my favorite christmas movie
Watching the polar express this use to be my movie
the polar express is my favorite movie
Something about the polar express realllyyyyyy creeps me out like there's something not right about that movie
If you're a good friend of mine you betta love the polar express. Amazing movie
the polar express was always a weird movie to me. i love it but it was weird
the polar express is the best christmas movie and i will fight to the death over this
The Polar Express was my movie
The polar express is a pretty crazy movie actually. I mean there's a train outside his house and he walks on top of a moving train.
The polar express is the cutest christmas movie
The polar express is such a boring movie lmao
The Polar Express Is Probably My Favorite Christmas Movie.
The craziest movie sequence of all time has to be when that girl loses her ticket in the Polar Express
I hate the polar express so much hands down the worst Christmas movie ever
The Polar Express will always be my favorite Christmas movie
how do you not like the polar express? best Christmas movie ever
I hate the movie the polar express
Watching the polar express Then how the grinch stole Christmas comes on It's a movie day for me...
The Polar Express is the best Christmas movie
The polar express will forever remain the greatest Christmas movie of all time
The Polar Express is hands down my favorite Christmas movie.
The Polar Express is such a cute movie
The polar express is my fave movie
The Polar Express is arguably the greatest animated christmas movie of all time
the polar express was boring when I was young but this jhi like my movie now
The Polar Express will forever be my favorite Christmas movie
The Polar Express has been my dream since the movie came out and it still is
The Polar express is like my fav movie....
the polar express is a precious movie
The Polar Express is by far my favorite Christmas movie
I think the Polar Express may be my favorite Christmas movie.
THE POLAR EXPRESS WILL FOREVER BE MY FAVORITE CHRISTMAS MOVIE
The polar express comes on at 1:30 my favorite Christmas movie!
I don't like the Polar Express movie and it's always on for Christmas season and everyone loves it and I feel like a party pooper.
Elf I'm gonna let you finish and all but The Polar Express is the greatest Christmas movie of all time
@blueejayski its a good movie lol you tripping this my fav Christmas movie other then the polar express
I've been waiting at the doctors long enough to watch the end of the polar express & the entire movie again.
The Polar Express is such a bangin Christmas movie
the polar express is the best christmas movie
The polar express isn't that good of a Christmas movie https://twitter.com/oliviawichelns/status/673551556340547585 …
The Polar Express is the greatest horror movie ever made
the polar express is my all time favourite christmas moviex
I'm watching The Polar Express now it's my fave christmas movie
the polar express is easily my favorite Christmas movie
I don't understand why ppl think The Polar Express looks weird. It's exactly what a movie about robots celebrating xmas should look like.
THE POLAR EXPRESS IS MY FAVOURITE CHRISTMAS MOVIE
The polar express is definitely my fav Christmas movie !!
the polar express is on, finally a decent christmas movie
the polar express is by far the best Christmas movie ever
fact: the polar express is the WORST CHRISTMAS MOVIE OF ALL TIME
Making boozy mincemeat, drinking mulled wine + my fab Christmas movie The Polar Express is on! #ILoveSundays
The Polar Express is going to be on today at 2:30 pm! I love this movie!
@S_Young06 thank youu!! And me too but the polar express is still the worst movie
We'll be showing our Xmas movie The Polar Express at @WellsMaltings @wellscinema today at 11am pic.twitter.com/41r9fx42EO
K.o to The Polar Express Movie
the polar express is my favorite christmas movie (Vine by @masonchillout) https://vine.co/v/OHiPu6DbrjM 
Love the polar express movie
WHY TO THE NORTH POLE OF COURSE!!! THIS IS THE POLAR EXPRESS!!!!! I can watch this movie every second of my life #Childhoodmemories
The polar express is such a beautiful movie
Idc how creepy the animation is for The Polar Express, it's still my favorite Christmas movie
The polar express is my all time fave Christmas movie.
The polar express is the most boring movie ever
the polar express is like the best movie ever
I HATE the movie the polar express
The polar express is a great fxvking movie
The polar express is the best Christmas movie. The end.
someone please buy me the polar express movie or soundtrack for Christmas I'd be forever thankful
Like I want to watch the Polar Express, but it's a movie that you need another person to turn up and cry with
we can all agree that the polar express is still the best christmas movie ever
The Polar Express is easily the best Christmas movie
I forgot The Polar Express is the G'est movie ever
The Polar Express is probably my favorite Christmas movie.
The Polar Express is my favorite Christmas movie and I'm really happy because it's playing rn on ABC
The Polar Express is such a magical Christmas movie
i just realized the polar express is an animated movie
Cant live with @jackienewtonn anymore cause she hates The Polar Express & thinks The Grinch is the best Christmas movie of all time
Not gonna lie The Polar Express movie scares me
"The Polar Express" will forever be my favorite Christmas movie
The Polar Express is hands down my fav Christmas movie ever !!!
THE POLAR EXPRESS HAS ALWAYS BEEN MY FAV CHRISTMAS MOVIE
If you think Elf is the best Christmas movie, you have obviously never seen The Polar Express
The Polar Express is probably my favorite Christmas movie
Underrated Christmas movie: The Polar Express.
The Polar Express is always my favorite movie to watch at this time of the year
The Polar Express is easily the best Christmas movie #nodoubt
The hot chocolate scene in the Polar Express is my favorite out of the whole movie
the polar express is such a good movie
The polar express is my favorite movie ever
Me: "this can't be your first horror movie" Emily: "Actually you are right, my first scary movie was called the polar express"
Christmas countdown: 20 days till Christmas Christmas movie quote of the day: The Polar Express pic.twitter.com/4ELCKSmiC5
The polar express is the best movie to put you in the Christmas spirit
THE POLAR EXPRESS JUST CAME ON Y'ALL THIS IS MY FAVORITE MOVIE GTG
The Polar express will forever be the greatest Christmas movie
Me: the polar express is the worst Christmas movie ever Andrea: normani LOVES the polar express Me: pic.twitter.com/802IR79TNW
the polar express will always be my favorite movie to watch during the holidays
The bus driver stopped the bus just so he could play the polar express movie for us
The polar express is such a good movie
I just realized that the polar express is actually pretty creepy and none of the kids in the movie have names
"The Polar Express" is a movie that will still be popular in 75 years, just like my other fave, "The Wizard of Oz"! #magicofChristmas
"What if we had a movie where everyone is played by Tom Hanks?" -sales pitch for the polar express
The Polar Express has got to be the best Christmas movie ever
Watching The Polar Express with my son. Such a great movie!! #dads #dad
The polar express is such a great movie. It will seriously never get old
The Polar Express has great music but I hate it as a movie and it's freaky.
I love the Polar Express it's such a good Christmas movie
the polar express is such a great movie no matter how old u are u cant even lie
The Polar Express is probably my fav Christmas movie ever
least favorite Christmas movie: the polar express
Don't ask me why or how, but the Polar Express is the saddest movie ever
The Polar Express is such an excellent movie.
The polar express is my least favorite movie ever
the polar express is the scariest movie I have ever seen
The kids in the polar express movie creep me out . Too realistic
Family movie time. Hot cocoa and the polar express #Holidays
The polar express will forever be my favorite christmas movie
"I'm still waiting for my ticket on the Polar Express. It must be super busy now since the movie came out" - @tgarder_22
Watching "The Polar Express". The only Christmas movie I look forward to watching every year
The polar express is such a frustrating movie
The Polar Express is such a terrible movie
So happy! I turned on abc family hoping that a good Christmas movie would be playing and it is The Polar Express
The Polar Express movie creeps me out.
The polar express is one of the greatest christmas movie of all time
My father, about the movie The Polar Express: "it does have kind of a totalitarian feel to it"
omg the polar express is on that's my fav Christmas movie
The polar express is always gonna be my favorite Christmas movie
The Polar Express is by far the best Christmas movie
The Polar Express is my favorite movie
The Polar Express is like my fav Christmas movie
THE POLAR EXPRESS AKA MY FAV CHRISTMAS MOVIE IS ON, ITS A GOOD NIGHT
So the polar express movie is actually hella weird
The Polar Express is hands down the best Christmas movie
the polar express will forever be my favorite Christmas movie
in December the only movie I get excited about is A Christmas Story and The Polar Express
The Polar Express with always be my favorite Christmas movie
The polar express is easily the creepiest fucking movie out there
THE POLAR EXPRESS IS MY FAV CHRISTMAS MOVIE AND ALWAYS WILL BE NO MATTER HOW OLD I AM
The polar express is my least favorite Christmas movie..
I still love the polar express movie
the polar express is such a stressful movie
The polar express movie is so....... Weird
the polar express really my favorite Christmas movie off all time tbhh
The Polar Express will forever and always be the best christmas movie
the polar express is the most trippy movie ever
why is the polar express the best movie
The polar express will always be my favorite Christmas movie
The Polar Express would've been an all around better movie if the white boy wasn't so damn nosy. Leave the black girl alone
The polar express is such a cute movie
The polar express is my favorite movie of all time
The Polar Express is probably my favorite Christmas movie.
Every time I watch the polar express I always crave the hot chocolate they have in the movie
I get TURNT to the hot chocolate song in the movie the polar express
the polar express will always be the greatest christmas movie ever
The Polar Express is such a good movie.
@TheMattEspinosa Matt I'm watching my fav Christmas movie : The Polar Express !!
Lilly's fav movie is the Polar Express... pic.twitter.com/vyaIPZaqoO
The Polar Express is my favorite Christmas movie EVERRRRrrrrrrrr lol I can watch it continuously and not get tired of it
the polar express will forever be my favorite christmas movie
The polar express is hands down the best Christmas movie
I would have a crush on the main boy in the movie and have dreams of us dating and being on the polar express together :(
@JustinSteffen_ how is it more annoying than the polar express... Have you seen that movie
The polar express is my favorite Christmas movie of all time!!!
the polar express is suppose to be a fun family movie but it's honestly one of the scariest movies ive ever seen
Fuck the Polar Express... Like I have to chance the channel now... This movie is horrible... Hella fucked up my plan to watch abc all day
The Polar Express Is The Best Movie https://twitter.com/ItsMarvinManee_/status/673261179947585540 …
The polar express is a cute movie but I can only watch it once or twice during the Christmas season
The polar express is the worst movie ever
The Polar Express is probably my favorite Christmas movie!!
There's no Christmas movie more annoying than The Polar Express
The Polar Express is my favorite Christmas movie and it's coming up next on abc family
the polar express. aka worst Christmas movie out there
The Polar Express-aka the best Christmas movie ever- is on at 4. Who wants to come watch it with me?
You're ugly if you say the Polar Express isn't the best Christmas movie
The best Christmas movie of all time is about to come on.. The Polar Express is my shit
Enjoying "The Polar Express" movie with the family this afternoon.
Me: That's a sick-ass movie! @lyndseym0rgan: I don't think that's something you can say about the Polar Express
so what's the deal with the polar express? mom is watching it for a preschool project and she suddenly asked if it was a horror movie
THE POLAR EXPRESS IS MY MOVIE BOYYYY!!!!!!!!
Best Christmas movie is definitely the polar express
Kicking off your Christmas Movie Marathon in 30 minutes is...The Polar Express (Commons Living Room) https://vine.co/v/hUbnjOOpj2t 
Watching the polar express the only Christmas movie I like
No movie puts you in the Christmas spirit, to the verge of tears, quite like the Polar Express.
Christmas Movie Marathon!!! -The Polar Express @ 3:00 -Grinch @ 6:00 -Elf @ 8:00 Campus Commons… https://www.instagram.com/p/-6y50rE29G/ 
The polar express is actually my favorite movie
Movie night tonight at RHS at 7:00 doors open at 6:30 to watch the Polar Express for a great cause
Absolutely hate the movie the polar express
I desperately need The Polar Express movie, right now.
The Polar Express is such a beautiful movie
i have mixed feelings about the polar express i honestly don't know if i like the movie or not
The polar express movie is my all time fav Christmas movie
The Polar Express is such a stunning movie it'll always be a fave
The polar express is such a cute movie I love it
THE POLAR EXPRESS IS LEGIT THE BEST CHRISTMAS MOVIE
@Elliotbabycakes Yeah another Elf fan! That movie and The Polar Express always "forces" me into the Christmas season :) Hope all is well.
The Polar Express is the worst Christmas movie and there is nothing anyone can do to convince me otherwise
Nw The Polar Express This movie never gets old. Like never.
The Polar Express is the best xmas movie ever
Pinned to Pinterest Mini-Mall Viral Board on @Pinterest: The Polar Express #Christmas movie Conductor's Vintage Po… http://ift.tt/1Nx0I1u 
The Polar Express will always be my favorite Christmas movie
The Polar Express Is The Best Movie On ABC Family in December
is it bad I think the polar express is the most boring movie ever? I can't stand to watch it
the polar express is such a cute movie
The polar express is hands down the best Christmas movie
David said the only Christmas movie he wanted to watch was the Polar Express. So I turned it on and he fell asleep
THE POLAR EXPRESS IS THE MOST TRAUMATIZING MOVIE
the polar express will always be the best christmas movie ever made
The more I watch the Polar Express the more I realize it is not a innocent, cute Christmas show, but instead a semi-psychotic horror movie.
The Polar Express is probably my favorite Christmas movie ever
The Polar Express is my FAVORITE Christmas movie. Makes me cry every single time!!! I go through so many emotions watching that movie.
The Polar Express! Family Movie Night! 12/20 @ 5:30 Live Music, Pictures with Santa! https://www.facebook.com/events/1647009748911363/ … pic.twitter.com/yCVOrwH83H
The Polar Express is honestly the best Christmas movie
I've seen The Polar Express over 300 times, and it's still my favorite Christmas movie.
Is the polar express the movie where the naughty children get kidnapped
I love the movie the polar express
The polar express my favorite movie https://twitter.com/baeless_god/status/672859074514591748 …
If you say the polar express isn't your favorite Christmas movie... You're wrong
I put the polar express on so kash would fall asleep & I could take a nap. Now she's out and I can't stop watching this movie.
YO ! I CANT WAIT FOR "THE POLAR EXPRESS" TO COME ON @ABCFamily BEST CHRISTMAS MOVIE EVER !
The Polar Express is hands down the best christmas movie
The polar express is my fav movie lol
Nothing beats The Polar Express for best Christmas movie. Buzzing to watch it on Christmas Eve!
The Polar Express has got to be the best holiday movie ever
The polar express sounds like a really good movie to watch right now.
I'm glad to say that I'm not creeped out by the polar express movie anymore
Unfortunately If The Polar Express Is Not On The Christmas Movie List Tonight, I'm Going Home.
Remember that day in middle school where you would come in pajamas and receive hot coco and watch the boring x-mas movie the polar express
THE POLAR EXPRESS IS SUCH A GOOD MOVIE OMHYMG
The Polar Express Family Movie Night is this Sunday night in The Bridge! Get all of the info now!... http://fb.me/4fyvMzhRM 
Come join Charlie and Santa for this FREE event on Dec 12th! Toy drive, crafts and "The Polar Express" movie! pic.twitter.com/r8DPtBs84l
All Aboard for The Polar Express! Bring the whole family to our annual Christmas movie tradition. Kids get a... http://fb.me/7DYVJD55X 
Well, Junior just discovered "The Polar Express" movie and he loves it. There's no turning back now, is there?
Do you believe...we do. THE POLAR EXPRESS Family Movie Party. 12/5, 10 AM. http://spr.ly/6019BT8tS  pic.twitter.com/7LjVZBlMzg
Here it is! Believe from the Polar Express movie! #piano #tworedsmusic #Christmas #polarexpress https://youtu.be/RJdxog1gDbI 
The polar express was a fricken weird movie
I asked logan to watch the polar express w me & he said "shutup that movie is stupid af" I'm forreal in tears
It's movie night at York Haven! We'll be watching the Polar Express! The fun starts at 6:30 p.m. We hope you... http://fb.me/7AwIQIp9C 
The Christmas movie I'm reeaalllyyyy looking forward to is the Polar Express!
@NiallOfficial @Harry_Styles @Louis_Tomlinson @Real_Liam_Payne have you guys seen the movie the polar express? :D
The Polar Express is the greatest movie ever.
The Polar Express my fav Christmas movie
I think the cutest Christmas movie ever is the Polar Express
That Krampus movie should be pretty good and creepy, but not as creepy as The Polar Express. :P
the polar express got to be my favorite christmas movie of all time
Me and Morgan have concluded that the polar express is the worst Christmas movie ever
I'm gonna make a Jewish version of the Polar Express called the Antarctic Express. Their moms catch them sneaking out, movie over.
The polar express will always be my favorite Christmas movie
Alternate ending to The Polar Express: he decides not to get on the train after all, and the movie ends after 5 minutes.
gotta give props to Okeene Band tonight for killing the Polar Express. It's my favorite movie and it made me so happy to hear that.
@walmartniall THEYRE TAKING THE POLAR EXPRESS THATS MY FAVORITE CHRISTMAS MOVIE FUSKDJD
I LOVE ALL OF THE POLAR EXPRESS REFERENCES LIKE ITS ACTUAL KIDS FROM THE MOVIE #AAOOD3
OMG HE EVEN PUT THE KIDS FROM THE MOVIE THE POLAR EXPRESS AT THE FRONT OF THE TRAIN CARRIAGE #AAOOD3
The Polar Express is my favourite Xmas movie Idc what anyone says
why does the polar express have to be im aaood3 its literally the worst movie ever
the grinch is my favorite movie along with the polar express
The Polar Express is the only Christmas movie I'll voluntarily watch and it's because of the music.
The Polar Express will forever be my favorite Christmas movie
The polar express, a christmas carol, elf and grinch will never topped by another christmas movie
OMG SOMEONE BUY ME THE POLAR EXPRESS MOVIE FOR CHRISTMAS SO THAT I CAN WATCH IT 24/7
AAOOD 3 PART 2 HAS THE POLAR EXPRESS AKA MY FAVE CHRISTMAS MOVIE BYE
The polar express was scarier than any other scary movie I have seen
Christmas themed movie night tonight at 6:00 pm! We will be showing The Polar Express! $1 admission!
IM CRYING BECAUSE THE POLAR EXPRESS IS LIKE MY FAVORITE CHRISTMAS MOVIE pic.twitter.com/x1WpmzxcBf
CHRISTMAS MOVIE TIME!!! the polar express with @BigBadIrishNoob <3 <3
I LOVE THAT THEY USED THE POLAR EXPRESS THOUGH THAT MOVIE IS MY LOVE
my favourite Christmas movie is the polar express and now that the boys are in it has made my Christmas literally pic.twitter.com/YKcFg5mL3j
"The Polar Express" movie gives me the chills.
the polar express is my least favorite christmas movie tbh
@LukeTheProffitt "The Polar Express isn't even a good movie" -The Grinch
the polar express ohmygod that was my favourite christmas movie as a kid i must've watched it more than 10 times
OHMYGOD HE MADE IT LIKE THE POLAR EXPRESS I LOVE THAT MOVIE https://youtu.be/4lI9mrEGdo8 
watching the polar express ( or any xmas movie really ) makes me so so happy omg
The polar express is my fave Christmas movie!This is the best thing ive watched in my entire life @markalanparsons https://youtu.be/4lI9mrEGdo8 
the polar express is the worst movie ever
i used to cry every time i watched the polar express when i was little bc i thought it was a scary movie
MHS Freshie class presents: The Polar Express! Movie night on Dec 11, @6:30, in the old gym! Be there or be !
Movie Night! 6:30-8:30 pm on December 11th! Bring your family and come watch the Polar Express! pic.twitter.com/LlZ28wLLM6
@pyjamaprincesss I watched the polar express the first of December. Love that movie! I hope you're having a wonderful day, lovely!
the Polar Express soundtrack is hands down the best Christmas movie soundtrack
I want to see the polar express that's my favorite Christmas movie
Dude the Polar Express is the worst Christmas movie like it's so boring and what kid doesn't believe in santa? #frauddd
I've watched the polar express so many times tonight I could probably quote the whole movie.
@BrettaApplebaum Thought I would let ya know that Homer is fascinated with "The Polar Express" movie. He loves that train! lol
Never seen the Polar Express; watching it now and honestly it's the weirdest freaking movie I've ever seen. Serious WTF am I watching vibe
The Polar Express is like my favorite movie ever
The Polar Express doesn't get enough credit for how great of a movie it is
Thank God for the polar express movie
How are the kids in the polar express movie not cold?? Wtf
my fav xmas movie is the polar express
I feel very weird when I see posts about the polar express movie. People love it and I have always thought it was super creepy
The polar express is the worst Christmas movie to me
"The polar express" is my favorite christmas movie
my favorite Christmas movie is the polar express hands down, no question .
The polar express is such a good movie
I think the only Christmas movie I enjoy is the polar express lol
December 10th! Save the date we are doing a movie night, showing the Polar Express, and Elf back to back for the price of one!
um sorry but the polar express is the best christmas movie and if you don't agree then you can just unfollow me right now
GLHS XMAS movie night is Weds in the auditorium! Grab ur lil bro or cousin & let them watch The Polar Express! pic.twitter.com/CoIhk2V55t
Favorite Christmas movie you ask : The Polar Express !
The polar express will always and forever be my favorite Christmas movie!
We will not have any rehearsals this Friday! Enjoy the night off or come to the drama club movie night! We're watching The Polar Express!
The Polar Express will always be my go to Christmas movie
The Polar Express is such a great movie.
My top fav Christmas movie is A Christmas Story & right behind that is The Polar Express
the polar express is such a magical movie
oh my god the polar express is the best movie of all time
The Polar Express is the worst Christmas movie in existence so stop tweeting about it thx
What do you mean the polar express isn't your favourite Christmas movie?
The polar express is hands down my favorite Christmas movie
The Polar Express will forever by my favorite Christmas movie
the polar express is the worst christmas movie ever. i hate it passionately.
Save the Date! FREE Family Movie Night December 11th at 6pm - The Polar Express - Doors open to the MPR @ 5:30pm... http://fb.me/6Z4UCJbYo 
Pencil in hand. Hot chocolate. And The Polar Express, my favorite Christmas movie. This evening is good.
My all time favorite Christmas movie is the polar express
Come join Charlie and Santa for this FREE event on Dec 12th! Toy drive, crafts and "The Polar Express" movie! pic.twitter.com/mmLGThUEBc
All Aboard for the Polar Express movie night presented by PTO! Check out the attached flyer for details. If you... http://fb.me/6QzeWFLtc 
The polar express will hands down always be my favorite xmas movie
this girl just said she doesn't get why so many people love the polar express...uhhh...its not like that's the greatest movie I've ever seen
@tayziken what's your favorite Christmas movie? Mine is The Polar Express
Just one film beats "The Polar Express" as the highest earning holiday movie http://on.mktw.net/1QQeEG0 
The polar express is my fave Christmas movie :-)
The Polar Express is my favorite Christmas movie
the polar express is the best movie ever
The Polar Express will forever be the best christmas movie
The Polar Express will always be my favorite movie
the polar express is the worst Christmas movie I've ever seen
my favorite Christmas movie is the polar express hands down, no question .
The Polar Express is the best Christmas movie ever and you cannot tell me otherwise.
Damn I missed the polar express movie for the Christmas countdown
The Polar Express is probably my favorite holiday movie. I love that movie it makes me so happy.
The polar express movie kinda creeps me out
The Polar Express will forever be my favorite Christmas movie
Starting off December by watching my favorite Christmas movie: The Polar Express
The Polar Express is the worst christmas movie ever made
“ @myessail: "the polar express was a scary movie" - @jthompy10” rt quote fav
I love the movie the polar express
I really love the Polar Express movie but the elves freak me out big time
The Polar Express is the worst Christmas movie, never liked it as a child and I still hate it
am I the only one that hates the polar express movie? lol
The polar express is my all time fav it's such a good Christmas movie
The Polar Express is probably my favorite Christmas movie
The polar express is honestly my favorite movie during Christmas time
The polar express movie is all I'm waiting for to play on @ABCFamily !!
the polar express is my fav Christmas movie
I can't express how much of a mistake the Polar Express is as a movie. Absolutely terrible.
The Polar Express is by far the worst Christmas movie
the polar express movie is truly the biggest disappointment and disaster since 1985
@juliaadamsss @DylanBetancourt dylan the polar express is THE best christmas movie. we are no longer friends.
teyohnas favorite movie is the polar express #facts lol
The Polar Express is my favvvvvv Christmas movie
I don't think the polar express is a good movie
the polar express is such a great movie
the polar express is a grade-A quality movie that teaches you the true meaning of christmas anyone who disagrees is wrong
The Polar Express >>>> any other Christmas movie.
The polar express is my all time favorite christmas movie
I hate the polar express and I hate the movie elf.
The Polar Express will and will always be my favorite Christmas movie.
Only flaw in the high budget film rating system is animation. 150 mill for the polar express? The worst Christmas movie of all time? Gag me
@jamiexjarrett no but I hope you've seen the Polar Express that movie is
FCC is having a movie night in the Cats Den tomorrow night at 8! They will be showing Disney's "The Polar Express"
The know it all in The Polar Express movie could be the most annoying character of all time pic.twitter.com/MWhCbTruvf
Oh wait I forgot to put the polar express as one of my favorites. I love that movie.
the polar express is the one movie that truly gets me excited for Christmas
The Polar Express will probably always be my favorite Christmas movie thanks @ABCF25days :)
I have 24 days to find and watch the Polar Express, the Grinch, Elf, Santa Clause, Rudolph, and every other Christmas movie out there.
the polar express is he BEST christmas movie ever fym !
the polar express has always been my fav christmas movie
My friends are telling me they literally don't like the Polar Express movie as we're watching it...I don't know them
I can watch any sad or scary movie, but The Polar Express is just to much of an emotional Rollercoaster for me..
omg no the polar express BOOK is the most beautiful piece of literature in the whole world, but the movie is absolutely vile
anyway IM WATCHING THE POLAR EXPRESS RN AND ITS MY FAV MOVIE IM SO HAPPY
reciting every line from the polar express bc it's my all time favorite Christmas movie
the polar express is hands down the best christmas movie I am willing to fight someone on this
The Polar Express is just not a good movie…lol
"when i think action and adventure, this is the movie i think of" -eric while watching the polar express
The Polar Express is my fav Christmas movie !!!!!!!!!!
The polar express is probably the WORST Christmas movie ever
the polar express is my favorite Christmas movie of all time
@AlysaVenditti the polar express is more than a movie it's a piece of true art
The polar express is such a goat movie. When it's on I instantly get hyped for Christmas
The Polar Express is my all time favorite Christmas movie!
the polar express is my favorite christmas movie (Vine by @masonchillout) https://vine.co/v/OHiPu6DbrjM 
The Polar Express is such a cute movie
I asked Tori what movie this song was from and she said the Little Mermaid and it was the hot chocolate song from the Polar Express
The Polar Express will forever be my favorite Christmas movie no matter age idc idc
The polar express is my fav Christmas movie
the polar express is the best movie
" The Polar Express " will always be my favorite holiday movie
THE POLAR EXPRESS IS BY FAR THE BEST CHRISTMAS MOVIE OF ALL TIME
The polar express: hands down best movie ever
the Polar Express is the best Christmas movie that exists
The polar express is my favorite Christmas movie
@chelseazissou the polAr express is a HORROR MOVIE
Is it just me or does anybody else really hate the movie the polar express
Did anyone else think the Polar Express was the worst kid's Christmas movie ever? It's just SOOOO long, and the storyline is so
The polar express is the best Christmas movie ever don't fight with me on this
the polar express is the worst movie in creation i swear you couldn't pay me enough to sit through it
the only christmas movie I can't stand anymore is the polar express. #thankselementaryschool
@b_macagnone @A_AlexCosta for the record, the polar express is THE worst movie ever made ever
the polar express is such a good movie
The Grinch is trashhhh. The Polar Express is the best Christmas movie hands down
the polar express will forever be my favorite christmas movie
I hate the polar express more than any Christmas movie
watching the polar express and feeling nostalgic bc it was my favorite movie when I was like 7 and I watched it over and over again
People say The Polar Express is the best Christmas movie, and I can't figure out why
You're allowed to have a favorite Christmas movie but if it's not the Polar Express I'm sorry you're just plain wrong
The polar express is the best Christmas movie ever if u disagree then I hate you
When the Polar Express ends and the Primetime Christmas movie comes on. @S_Young06 pic.twitter.com/R5Gi9NYZLd
Watching the Polar Express and almost cried when I heard the soundtrack. North Cobb band has ruined me for this movie
the polar express will forever be my favorite Christmas movie
the polar express is the cutest christmas movie ever!!!!!!
The Polar Express is the creepiest and scariest Christmas movie. Idgaf what anybody says
Wow I love the polar express, great ass movie
The Polar Express is such a good movie
i know they will never make a second movie to the polar express but they should, so i can be apart if the movie !
The Polar Express will always be a favorite Christmas movie of mine.
The polar express was really my movie man! <3 I remember my 3rd grade teacher took my whole class to go see it!
The Polar Express is my favorite Christmas movie, idc what anyone says!
The Polar Express is without a doubt the best Christmas Movie
the polar express is such a cute movie.
The polar express is the movie to watch
the polar express is the best christmas movie ever if you don't agree speak up let's fight
Watching the scariest Christmas movie of all time: The Polar Express.
the polar express never fails to be touching, every year. favorite Christmas movie
"The Polar Express" is goat christmas movie
the polar express will always be my all time favorite movie
The polar express has to be the lamest Christmas movie ever made. Seriously.
The polar express Is my all time favorite Christmas movie
it would be funny if the polar express turned into that unstoppable movie one year as a plot twist
The Polar Express is just the most trash movie there is
Does anyone else think that The Polar Express is the most terrifying movie ever???
The polar express is my movie. I watched it again tonight . That's three times in a month. Now time for the grinch.
The Polar Express is my fav Christmas movie
Why is The Polar Express such a god awful movie?
The kid w/the glasses from The Polar Express pisses me off every time I watch the movie.
The Polar Express makes me more emotional than just about any other movie #Believe
THE POLAR EXPRESS IS DEFINITELY MY FAVORITE CHRISTMAS MOVIE SOMEONE WATCH IT WITH ME SOON. POLAR EXPRESS AND CHILL WITH ME!!!!
The Polar Express is hands down my favorite Christmas movie ever
the polar express is the cutest movie
I don't care what anyone says, The Polar Express is the cutest inspirational movie ever.
I think I'm the only person who hates the polar express movie
The polar express is my favorite movie ever like idc
I've switched to the Polar Express. Where I wished the train was real and the animation is creepy as hell. I love this movie!
I can't wait to watch the polar expressthat really my movie
The Polar Express will forever be my favorite movie
It's that time of year where I am constantly reminded how much I hate the movie the polar express it is #trash
The polar express was on .. And I'm really sad 'cause I missed the whole movie
Not gonna lie The Polar Express is actually a pretty creepy movie
"I wish this movie was a true story" - @t_seanor talking about the polar express
the polar express is no doubt the worst Christmas movie
I love the polar express I saw it 2ce in the movie theaters when it came out lmao
Everyone get out your pitchforks and torches because I'm gunna say it... I HATE the polar express. Worst christmas movie. Ever.
The Polar Express movie is fucking terrifying. There, I said it.
Tonight's movie. The Polar Express #ALLABOARD
@kelseykendz if you don't like a good movie like The Polar Express I'm curios what your favorite is haha
I don't care what anyone says, the polar express is the worst Christmas movie in existence.
the polar express my favorite movie bruh
The Polar Express is such a beautiful movie
the polar express is the worst christmas movie ever
The polar express will always be my number one Christmas movie
I missed m my favorite part on the polar express movie
The polar express IS MY MOVIE
The Polar Express will forever be my fav Christmas Movie
The Polar Express will forever be my all time favorite movie
The Polar Express will forever be the best movie to watch in the month of December
Omg the polar express is such a creepy movie I hate it
Literally I think the polar express is the dumbest movie ever.
the polar express is definitely my all time favorite christmas movie
so glad i got to watch the polar express.. bcuz dis my fav christmas movie. & I will be watching all re-runs
The polar express will always be my favorite Christmas movie
Am I the only one that actually hates The Polar Express????? Worst Christmas movie ever.
The Polar Express has to be the worst Christmas movie ever made
The polar express has to be the cutest movie
the polar express is a good movie as a sum of many parts but the only people i like in it are conductor tom hanks and the poor kid
the polar express is seriously the creepiest movie
The polar express is cute and all but let's be real The Grinch is by far the best Christmas movie
The Polar Express is hands down the best Christmas movie
The Polar Express is such a good Christmas movie
Y'all I Just Watched The Polar Express & Cried Like I've Never Seen This Movie, I EFFING LOVE DIS MOVIE SO MUCH!!!!
I never cared for The Polar Express movie adaptation. I feel like the book was so much more magical.
David is really into this holiday spirit, woke up from a nap to The Polar Express movie playing
The Polar Express is the only christmas movie I dont care for...
why is the polar express the greatest movie ever made
the polar express is such a boring movie
Fun fact: my fave movie of all time is THE POLAR EXPRESS Guess whats on tv rn: THE POLAR EXPRESS
THEY ARE GIVING THE POLAR EXPRESS (MY FAVORITE MOVIE EVER) ON ABC FAMILY AND I CANT WATCH IT BECAUSE I DONT HAVE THAT CHANNEL IM GONNA DIE
The Polar Express is dead my favorite Christmas movie lol
why does everyone love the polar express i hate thst movie
SOS I just told Marisa that The Polar Express was my least favorite Christmas movie and I think she might kill me
I hate the polar express that movie boring as hell yall wack
is it childish that I wanna go on the Polar Express Train Ride, but like its my favorite christmas movie besides the Grinch
The Polar Express is my favorite Christmas movie
*watching The Polar Express with my brother, who hates the movie* My brother: "I hope the train derails." "I wanna drop kick this kid."
The polar express movie is one of my favorite Christmas movies
The polar express might be the only Christmas movie I absolutely hate
The polar Express everybody favorite Christmas movie
the polar express is everybody's favorite movie when it comes to Christmas time.
The Polar Express is such a great movie
I can watch The Polar Express everyday and it not get old. About the only Christmas movie I look forward too
the polar express will forever be my favorite Christmas movie. #CountdowntoChristmas
the polar express is a very creepy movie, any other opinion is wrong.
No movie will ever beat the polar express
Not gonna lie the polar express is a creepy movie.
I srsly do not care what anyone says the polar express will always make me nauseous and will forever be the WORST Christmas movie ever made
The Polar Express is the best Christmas movie and it isn't even close
The polar express is such a legendary movie like it will never get old no matter how old I am
The polar express will forever be my favorite movie of all time. It's just instant happiness when it is on
currently watching the polar express on ABC family, my fav christmas movie btw !
The Polar Express is the best Christmas movie u can't deny it
the polar express will forever be my Christmas movie no doubt
the polar express will always be my favorite christmas movie
Who even likes the Polar Express movie anyway
I've made up my own background story for each of the kids in the polar express and I think that's why it's my favorite movie.
The Polar Express is by far the greatest christmas movie
the polar express is probably the worst christmas movie ever... #sorry
The polar express movie scared me as a child
the polar express is a terrible movie
The polar express is my favorite Christmas movie
My favorite Christmas movie is probably The Polar Express
The polar express is dead the best movie
Watching the polar express and just thought about when this movie came out.. I was in elementary school..
I guess ABC family is playing The Polar Express today to get the worst Christmas movie out of the way first. #25DaysOfChristmas
The polar express is such a creepy movie
the polar express is one of the best holiday movies....how do you not like that movie?
"I hate that movie" @__gwennnn talking about The Polar Express..excuse me
Tbh the polar express is the number one christmas movie like ever
the polar express movie kinda scares me in a why and idk why
The Polar Express will always be my favorite Christmas movie.
Fact: the polar express is the absolute best Christmas movie
The Polar Express is a beautiful movie
You can't lie The Polar Express is the best Christmas movie.
the polar express is the cutest movie
Dude the polar express is my fav Christmas movie ever
the polar express is such a great Christmas movie
if theres one Christmas movie i hate, its the polar express. not bc its a bad movie but bc I've had to watch it every Christmas for 15 yrs
The movie The Polar Express will never get old
the polar express is hands down my favorite Christmas movie
My parents keep making fun of the polar express and I want to express my annoyance by slapping the hoes who disrespect my favorite movie
The Polar Express will forever be my favorite Christmas movie
Highkey love the polar express and every Christmas movie
the polar express is my fav movie idc
the polar express is hands down the best christmas movie ever made don't even try to fight me on this
The Polar Express is my all time favorite Christmas movie
THE POLAR EXPRESS IS THE ONLY REASON I LOOK FOWARD TO CHRISTMAS. It's literally been my fav christmas movie since i was like 10
the polar express is by far the greatest Christmas movie ever made
The Polar Express is such a great movie
The polar express is such a good movie
the polar express is definitely the best Christmas movie there is.
the polar express will always be my favorite christmas movie
I just wanna thank @asvpxrocky for starring in and making The Polar Express my favorite Christmas movie. pic.twitter.com/Vj74rKH69J
The Polar Express is highkey the best movie of all time
#TweetYourUnpopularOpinion I hate the polar express movie...
The polar express is by far my favorite christmas movie
the polar express is hands down my favorite christmas movie
The polar express is by far my favorite Christmas movie
The Polar Express is my all time fav christmas movie
Only Christmas movie I love watching every year is The Polar Express
The polar express if definitely my favorite Christmas movie of all time
the polar express is the creepiest movie ever I hate it
The polar express: the worst Christmas movie ever made
the polar express will forever be my favorite Christmas movie
Just rented my favorite movie, The Polar Express.
The Polar Express is THEEE worst Christmas movie.
Why do so many people hate on the polar express? That movie is so inspiring and cute.
the polar express is such a great movie
The Polar Express is such a messed up movie. Who lets kids just walk on top of trains?
GUYS THE POLAR EXPRESS MY FAVORITE MOVIE IS ON
you coming? where? why to the North Pole of course, this is the polar express FAVORITE MOVIE LINES
I really hate that polar express movie but here i am watching it because i love Christmas more than i hate the polar express
I was so excited to watch 25 days of Christmas until I found out the polar express is on & it ruined my entire day that movie is garbage
if the polar express isn't your favorite Christmas movie there's something wrong with you
Can't wait to watch my fav Christmas movie: The Polar Express
The polar express never made sense to me but I still think it's a cute movie
the polar express is literally my fav Christmas movie
the polar express is such a poorly animated movie, but it will forever be my favorite
the polar express is the scariest Christmas movie I think I've ever seen
The polar express is literally the dumbest movie ever yall do not understand how many times I was forced to watch that in elementary school
Is The Polar Express not the most realistic kids movie to be made in 2004? Such awesome graphics to be made in that year.
everyone knows The Polar Express is my FAVORITE movie & sad to say I can't watch it because college
Omfg the polar express is my favorite Christmas movie I'm so happy
The polar express is by far the best Christmas movie
The Polar Express is the greatest Christmas movie of all time.
The Polar Express will always be my favorite Christmas movie
The polar express is such a good Christmas movie
the polar express is without a doubt the creepiest movie of all time
The polar express is such a fantastic movie.
the polar express is the worst christmas movie
*About the polar express* Me: this movie kinda weirds me out, idk if I like it Lauren: just don't think about it
Call me crazy but I really hate the polar express movie
The Polar Express is the best Christmas movie ever.
@cara_elaine_ your favorite movie is on--- The Polar Express!!!!!!
Is everyone else aware that the polar express is the most overrated Christmas movie??
The Polar Express is on, prob my favorite Christmas movie besides The Grinch
In honor of the polar express, here's me in the hospital last year, on drugs, crying over the movie pic.twitter.com/pfy1nCCoFh
omg I love the polar express it's my favorite movie
unpopular opinion: the polar express is not a quality movie
Woah I'm watching a Christmas movie for once The Polar Express #ABCFamily
the polar express will always be my favorite christmas movie
The polar express is my favorite kid Christmas movie frfr.
The Polar Express just cut to commercial before they showed the best part of the whole movie...
The Polar Express is my all time favorite Christmas movie
*im sitting in the living room watching the Polar Express* my dad: "ohh what's the name of this movie? the Christmas train?"
My fave movie of all time The Polar Express is on
the polar express is the most boring movie ever
The polar express is my favorite movie and it's on right now you can say I couldn't be any happier
the polar express is my favorite Christmas movie of all time
The polar express will forever be my favorite Christmas movie
I don't care how old I am The Polar Express will forever be my favorite Christmas movie
The polar express is on and it's my fav Christmas movie
Someone make me watch the Polar Express with them bc I'm probably the only person who hasn't watched the whole movie yet
The Polar Express is the worst Christmas movie. That is all.
The polar express is my movie
I can never get into the Polar express movie.
The Polar Express is forsure my favorite Christmas movie
100% convinced that the polar express is the best Christmas movie
don't know why but the polar express is literally my fav movie everrrrr
the polar express may be my all time favorite christmas movie
the polar express is the worst Christmas movie I have ever seen
The polar express is on this is my all time favorite Christmas movie
the polar express is my favorite Christmas movie
The polar express is such a good movie
I honestly believe that the polar express is one the best Christmas movie ever made
The polar express is the greatest Christmas movie ever created and you can't argue with me about that
The Polar Express movie night with the bff
The polar express is hands down the best Christmas movie I am pumped
The polar express is the best Christmas movie and don't debate me!
The Polar Express with forever be my favorite Christmas movie.
Feel like I'm the only person who thinks the polar express is a highly overrated Christmas movie
the polar express is my favorite Christmas movie of all time
The polar express will always be a Christmas movie favorite
The Polar Express is my favorite movie
Dang I haven't seen the polar express in forever. I love this movie!
“ @__lfr: THE POLAR EXPRESS IS MY FAVORITE CHRISTMAS MOVIE!” Boooo
The Polar Express is the worst movie ever why am I watching it right now!!!
No Christmas movie is better than the polar express
The polar express is literally my movie.
the polar express is on, i thank Jesus for this wonderful movie
the polar express is honestly the best christmas movie ever
Year without a Santa Claus is such a lit movie I forgot how much I loved it but now time for the polar express
The Polar Express is the best Christmas movie ever.... don't argue with me on this
THE POLAR EXPRESS IS MY FAVORITE FREAKING MOVIE
"MOM the Harry Potter Christmas movie is playing!!" She means The Polar Express, but same.
The Polar Express is the best movie!!!
So happy right now because the polar express is on it's the best Christmas movie ever
strongly dislike the polar express, such a dumb movie
The Polar Express is my favorite movie to watch every December
the polar express is my least favorite christmas movie and it's killing my vibe that it's on right now
The polar express is my fav Christmas movie & it's on RN. Yessss
The Polar Express is on right now and that's my favorite Christmas movie
I'm watching the polar express and I can't belie how fast time flies.... I saw this movie when it first came out and here we are again
The Polar Express will always be my favorite Christmas movie
No Christmas movie will ever beat the polar express
Watching the polar express my favorite Christmas movie ever
The Polar Express is my favorite Christmas movie of all time
the polar express is my absolute favorite movie.
The polar express will forever be that movie
The Polar Express is the best Christmas movie out and y'all know it. Idgaf.
Idk what it is but The Polar Express is so terrifying to me.. It's by far the least joyful holiday movie of all
The Polar Express is the weirdest, creepiest, and worst Christmas movie of all time
the polar express is the greatest movie of all time :-)
The polar express on I love this movie
THE POLAR EXPRESS IS ON FAVORITE MOVIE EVER
The polar express is definitely my fav Christmas movie
The Polar Express is my fav movie
The "Polar Express" on I swear this is my favorite Christmas movie
Omg, The Polar Express will forever be my favorite Christmas Movie
THE POLAR EXPRESS IS GONNA BE ON TONIGHT ! THATS MY FAVORITE CHRISTMAS MOVIE
I'm so excited to watch the polar express that's my favorite Christmas movie
Fav Christmas movie is definitely The Polar Express
The Polar Express might be the best Christmas movie ever
The polar express is my #1 all time favorite movie on abc family
THE POLAR EXPRESS IS ON AGAIN AT 7 LETS FUCKING GO!!!!! THIS MOVIE IS MY SHIT
The polar express is the worst Christmas movie of all time
the polar express is my favorite movie I'm so excited
Santa has arrived at BHS!! It's not too late to come out for the Polar Express movie night! Pictures with Santa... http://fb.me/6ZFI193hW 
@_crystaljailene your favorite movie the polar express comes on tonight at 7:00 on abc family
the polar express is THE most intense movie i've ever seen, the #1
Have to record the polar express. I like that movie
Idc what anyone says the Polar Express will always be my favorite Christmas movie
If the polar express isn't your favorite Christmas movie...wyd
The Polar Express will always be my favorite movie ever.
The Polar Express is coming on tonight. Top 3 Christmas movie, idc. #25DaysOfChristmas
When people say the polar express is a dumb movie I just look at them like ... Why.
@jackiedunnxx the polar express is a scary movie I don't like it
The polar express is literally the greatest movie ever pic.twitter.com/TwB0w3QKRd
The Polar Express is the best movie, hands down
The polar express is my fav Christmas movie
the polar express is on tonight!! my favorite Christmas movie
The Polar Express has to be the worst Christmas movie ever, I'm so tired of hearing about that dumbass train
The Polar Express remains to be my favourite Christmas movie
Everyone is a hater of the Polar Express but it is a great movie
My movie The Polar express coming on tonight
honestly want it to snow rn so I can watch my favorite Christmas movie, The Polar Express
so looking forward to watch The Polar Express tonight! my fav Christmas movie. what's yours?!
Favorite Christmas movie of all time is The Polar Express
the polar express is still my fav Christmas movie
Just a friendly reminder, today starts the 25 days of Christmas movie Marathon ( on ABC family ) & The Polar Express comes on at 7
@pancakeplatzman OMG! Manu! The Polar Express is my favorite Christmas movie! I adore it! I watch it every year! It's like a tradition)
the polar express will forever be the best Christmas movie idc
The polar express is legit my favorite Christmas movie
if you don't think the polar express isn't the best Christmas movie you can leave
The polar express has to be THE most boring movie ever!!!!
#unpopularopinion The Polar express is a trash Christmas movie
emily is afraid to watch the polar express because her brain thinks it's a sad movie so she cries every time she watches it
The polar express comes on today . I love that movie
The polar express is my favorite Christmas movie and it comes on tonight and I won't be able to watch because I'll be at work and I am sad
I can't wait to watch the polar express, the grinch, elf, and every other Christmas movie on abc
The movie The Polar Express has always creeped me out..
if I'm bein simply honest the polar express is shocking and so scary I don't like that movie at all
The Polar Express is my favorite Christmas movie
The polar express is tonight and i don't think anything has ever made me happier than that movie does
Grant's Christmas Movie of the Day #1 : The Polar Express directed by Robert Zemeckis and starring Tom Hanks pic.twitter.com/SWDuIyn7Rd
The polar express will forever be my favorite Christmas movie
The Polar Express is THE BEST christmas movie .. i dont care what anybody says
I might cry BC the polar express is on tonight and it's my favorite movie
The polar express is my absolute favorite movie of all times.. And if i dont see it today, im gonna cry...
Today is the big day!! Bring your family and friends to BHS tonight for the Polar Express movie night presented... http://fb.me/4syviguVk 
@shawty_soph55 you're so dumb. The Polar Express is the best Christmas movie ever
The Polar Express is the greatest Christmas movie ever hands down. https://twitter.com/shawty_soph55/status/671733758282829824 …
The Polar Express is on tonight and it's my favorite Christmas movie and I'm gonna miss it because I have to work.
I hate the Polar Express movie. It's super creepy and the kids are stupid.
@binky519 the polar express was my fAVORITE MOVIE WHEN I WAS LITTLE
AND THE POLAR EXPRESS MOVIE IS ON AT 7PM ITS SO LIT I LOVE 25 DAYS OF CHRISTMAS ON ABC
December 1st means it time to start watching my favorite christmas movie eveeerrrr... The Polar Express
the only thing more exciting than abc family's 25 days of christmas is that the first movie that comes on is the polar express.
The polar express will forever be my favorite Christmas movie
the first Christmas movie for the 25 days of Christmas is the polar express
The Polar Express will forever be my favorite Christmas movie, me & my brothers and sisters watch it every Christmas Eve and will continue
omg the polar express comes on tonight favorite holiday movie
THE POLAR EXPRESS HANDS DOWN THE BEST CHRISTMAS MOVIE
Bruh The Polar Express is my favorite holiday movie! I will 5ever love that movie
Only Christmas movie I'm looking forward to is The Polar Express
the polar express has been and probably will always be my favorite christmas movie
The polar express is on abc family tonight at 7pm! I love that movie. #25DaysOfChristmas
just found out the polar express is on tonight and I almost started crying. MY FAV CHRISTMAS MOVIE EVER.
I was mildly excited. Christmas movie for the day: The Polar Express pic.twitter.com/QdVp3dSI0h
Loving the Christmas songs on @SmoothXmas, please can you play When Christmas comes to town from the polar express movie.
Someone get me the polar express movie
The polar express is still my favorite Christmas movie
And now I want to make hot coco and watch my fav Christmas movie: The Polar Express
The polar express is such a magical movie...I could watch it every day until Christmas.
The Polar Express: because why not utilize Tom Hanks for basically every role in a movie?
I wanna have a Christmas movie night where we stay up late and watch Frosty the snowman & the Grinch & Charlie Brown & the Polar express
The polar express movie creeps me out. Idk why lol.
They're showing the Polar Express and I'm going to cry! My favorite Christmas movie ever!
The Polar Express will forever be my favorite Christmas movie
The polar express is such a solid movie
I can only watch the polar express once a year.. Long as movie. I didn't see the whole thing through till I was like 14
The polar express is on the best Christmas movie in the world
@Dani_Milan16 @OstroffRyan @abrahamhurtado6 The Polar Express is the greatest Christmas movie and is a true classic.
The polar express is on ! Swear to god i love this fuccin movie
@tifv97 are you watching the polar express? that movie is shit
The Polar Express is my favorite christmas movie!
The polar express & hot cocoa movie date sounds noice
The Polar Express isn't that great of a movie, tbh.
The Polar Express will forever be my favorite movie
Fav Christmas movie The Polar Express
THE POLAR EXPRESS IS MY FAVORITE CHRISTMAS MOVIE EVER LIKE NO ONE UNDERSTAND
the polar express is my favorite Christmas movie of all time
I'm sorry but if you think the Polar Express is a bad movie then I don't consider you a respectable human being. https://twitter.com/_beneficial_/status/671167841681326080 …
The polar express is actually a really creepy movie
The Polar Express.. Hands down greatest Christmas movie ever.. Ever..
I LOVE THE POLAR EXPRESS!! ONLY CHRISTMAS MOVIE THAT NEVER GETS OLD
the polar express is the worst Christmas movie ever. debate an imaginary train conductor.
the polar express is on yess my fav christmas movie
Aw I love the Polar Express, it's such a cute movie
Just finished watching the polar express I love that movie .
Also a little sad because The Polar Express is the movie I always watch with my sister, I miss youuu @clareramirez_
The Polar Express is a pretty sketchy movie. Just saying...
The polar express is on! I love this movie
is it bad that I hate the polar express movie?
The polar express is my all time favorite Christmas movie
Christmas Movie Power Rankings : 1. Home Alone 2. Elf 3. Home Alone 2 4. A Christmas Story *The Polar Express sitting on the bubble at #5
No matter how old I get The Polar Express will always be my favorite movie
Finna curl up & watch my favorite Christmas movie ... The Polar Express
I like the polar express and all but how can people consider that the best Christmas movie no way
Why is the Polar Express such a good movie it should've one 18 oscars like you guys don't even understand pic.twitter.com/moDIMDjvq6
My favorite Christmas movie is still The Polar Express!!
tbh the polar express is the worst christmas movie ever it creeps me oUt
I think I've said this before, but The Polar Express movie has always creeped me put....Idk why exactly but it has ....
Watched the polar express and home alone tonight so you already know it was a good movie night
the polar express is forever the best christmas movie
The polar express will forever be my favorite Christmas movie
The Polar Express movie makes me so nervous
The Polar Express aka The Tom Hanks movie
The Polar Express is the best Christmas movie hands down
mad I missed the polar express which is my fav Christmas movie of all time
The Polar Express really is my movie
When you're watching The Polar Express and Marissa is deeply analyzing the movie and wishing Santa was real... @Marissa_Conley
The movie The Polar Express is such a good movie omfg
the polar express is prob my favorite christmas movie ever tbh
The conductor from The Polar Express is one of my favorite Christmas movie characters haha :)
@NatashaYanoshak clearly not if you think the polar express is a bad movie
The Polar Express is my all time fav movie and it's on and I'm so happy it's Christmas time
the polar express is such a cute movie
The Polar Express is the greatest movie of all time
for the people that like the polar express , ya need some help or idk what but that movie scares me up to this day fr fr
the polar express will always be my favorite Christmas movie
The Polar Express is a top 5 Christmas movie
The polar express is forever my favorite Christmas movie!!!
My favorite Christmas movie is on (the polar express) and Navaeh is yelling "Hi Santa" #itssocute
trying to tell vfran that the polar express is the worst christmas movie soooo
I hate the movie "the polar express", but it is my favorite children's book.
I wanna go on the Polar Express train it sound fun if it's anything like the movie!
I love the polar express movie
The polar express is such a magical movie
the polar express will always be my favorite movie ever I love it so much
The Polar Express has and will always be hands down my favorite Christmas movie. I watch it all year round
the polar express will always be my fav Christmas movie
I WAS SO OBSESSED WITH THE POLAR EXPRESS THAT, HAVING THAT BELL AROUND ME MADE ME FEEL LIKE I WAS IN THE ACTUAL MOVIE HAHA
The polar express is my new favorite movie #25DaysOfChristmas
The Polar Express will always be my favorite Christmas movie
no Christmas movie will ever beat The Polar Express
The Polar Express is quite possibly the creepiest movie ever in many respects
Flipping back and fourth between Hannah Montana Movie and The Polar Express and I couldn't be happier
Not gonna lie the polar express was better in elementary school when they gave you hot chocolate and you watched the movie all day
I've always thought The Polar Express was a weird movie.
I haven't seen the movie The Polar Express for a coo minute
The Polar Express will forever be a good movie
The Polar Express is my all time favorite Christmas movie. Idc how old I am.
Watching The Polar Express for the last movie before I ship out
Honestly The Polar Express is my favorite movie. Whether it's Christmas time or not my love for it cannot be described in words
The polar express will for ever be my favorite movie
the polar express is the greatest movie of all time
The Polar Express Will Forever Be My Favorite Christmas Movie
the polar express is such a cute movie
The polar express is on but I'm waiting to watch it with @caseymagaw bc it's her fav Christmas movie
The Polar Express is my favorite Christmas movie
The Polar Express is such a good movie.
The Polar Express is still a movie I got to see at least once every Christmas season
I'm so depressed, I missed most of the Polar express movie.
For the people who think the Polar Express is the best Christmas movie I'm terribly sorry you obviously missed out on Elf
The Polar Express has ALWAYS been my favorite Christmas movie. It never gets old
if the polar express isn't your favorite xmas movie ur doing something wrong
DAD WHY WOULD YOU TURN ON THE POLAR EXPRESS WHEN YOU KNOW THIS MOVIE TERRIFIES ME
I love the polar express movie !!!
The Polar Express is the dumbest Christmas movie ever it's about kids who risk their lives several times to see a fat guy in a red suit
The polar express will forever be my fav movie even when I'm 90 years old
I can't decide if The Polar Express or Elf is my favorite Christmas movie
the polar express will forever be my favorite Christmas movie
The Polar Express is my all time favorite movie
The Polar Express is hands down the best Christmas movie
The Polar express is my absolute favorite Christmas movie
the polar express is the best Christmas movie ever created
The polar express is my fav Christmas movie Idc .
I need to be studying for accounting but then abc family knew my favorite Christmas movie was on. Yay for the polar express
The Polar Express is the cutest movie, this time of the year makes me so happy
I think The Polar Express is my fav Christmas movie
everyone loved the polar express but that movie was (& still is) honestly so terrifying
Ok I love the polar express (the book) but the movie has tons of issues
The polar express is such a cute movie
The polar express is on and I can't even sit down and enjoy the movie because I'm the biggest procrastinator ever
The polar express is honestly the most random christmas movie ever
The Polar Express is my favorite Christmas movie
The polar express is forever my fav Christmas movie
" @RIPDurell: The Polar Express >>> Favorite Christmas movie of all times "
The Polar Express is a god awful movie
the polar express is the worst movie ever made
the polar express will always be my fav Christmas movie
I really could sit here & tell someone The Polar Express word from word... I love this movie
The polar express is that movie!!
The polar express is a movie I forgot about
In 1st grade some kid spilled his hot chocolate on my new pj's during the polar express movie day, ever since the movie gives me bad vibes
The polar express will forever be the best Christmas movie
@TheQueenMcCarty [turns on a new Christmas movie for Princess Emma] How about the Polar Express
The Polar Express will always be my favorite holiday movie
The Polar Express is hands down the best Christmas movie ever
The polar express has to be my least favorite Christmas movie idk why the animation, plot, and characters I just do not like
Those children on the polar express would have died if this movie was real.
When the Polar Express is on I seriously act like a 5 year old. It'll always be my fav Christmas movie
i remember when we watched the polar express on movie night, we just named off people in the band who would be the characters in the movie
The Polar Express is and will forever be the best Christmas movie ever
The Polar Express is an absolutely terrifying movie
I think the Polar Express is my fav Christmas movie
My all time favorite Christmas movie is on! The Polar Express.
The Polar Express is such a good movie
When the marching band watched The Polar Express for movie night, we all just talked through it and Mr. Ekstrom just babysat us.
used to think the Polar Express was the scariest movie ever
The movie the Polar express makes me feel very uncomfortable
The Polar Express has been my ultimate favorite Christmas movie ever since I was 6
The polar express is a creepy movie
The Polar Express is my FAVVV christmas movie
The polar express is my fav Christmas movie
why does everyone hate The Polar Express I love that movie !
THE POLAR EXPRESS ps, it's my favorite christmas movie
the polar express is probably the worst Christmas movie ever
I love the polar express movie
the polar express might be my least favorite Christmas movie ever
The polar express is my all time favorite Christmas movie
The Polar Express is the best movie
the polar express is a terrifying movie
The Polar Express will forever be my favorite Christmas movie
The polar express might be the worst movie on the planet
I Love The Polar Express , That's My Favorite Christmas Movie G .
THE POLAR EXPRESS IS THE BEST CHRISTMAS MOVIE HANDS DOWN
The Polar Express is most definitely my favorite Christmas movie and it's on right now
Best Christmas movie is The Polar Express.. Hands down!
The Polar Express is my least favorite Christmas movie
The grinch is a way better movie than the polar express lol
the polar express is my fav. Christmas movie hands down
The polar express is the best movie idc
The polar express is most defiantly my favorite Christmas movie!
the polar express is actually a really intense movie
The Polar Express >>> Favorite Christmas movie of all times
The polar express is a great movie Idc.
the polar express with forever be my favorite movie of all time
The Polar Express is the best Christmas movie. The music, the visuals, it's absolutely perfect.
The Polar Express is on I LOVE this movie
I get real upset when people call the Polar Express a bad movie
the polar express is my favorite christmas movie and that will never change
The polar express is my favorite movie
The polar express is arguably the best Christmas movie
The Polar Express is such a cute movie
just bought the Polar Express, the best Christmas movie ever @LetyciaJordan Polar Express & chill on Christmas Day?
The Polar Express this Movie never gets old!
the polar express is my fav Christmas movie along with elf
the polar express will forever be my fav christmas movie
The Polar Express is such a wonderfully made movie. It's my favorite christmas movie
The Polar Express is on, say no more my favorite Christmas movie
the polar express might be my favorite Christmas movie, next to Elf
IM WATCHJGNN THE POLAR EXPRESS ITS MYM FAVORITIE MOVIE EVEVR
The Polar Express is one lit Christmas movie..
Watching my all time favorite Christmas movie the polar express
can't even lie the polar express is my fave Christmas movie
The Polar Express is hands down the most overrated Christmas movie ever
I hate the polar express movie
I'm gonna cry the polar express is my movie
All aboard the polar express! Hehe this movie makes me happy :)
The Polar Express will forever be my favorite Christmas movie
The polar express is seriosusly my fav christmas movie ever im so gay hahaha
the polar express is such a great movie
OMG THE POLAR EXPRESS ON ABC FAMILY my movie
the polar express is on i'm crying i love this movie so much
The Polar Express is probably my least favorite Christmas movie but I'm still watching it cause I have Christmas spirit
THE POLAR EXPRESS IS ON OH MY H ODH THATS MY FAVORITE CHRISTMAS MOVIE OF ALL TIME
THE POLAR EXPRESS IS ON !!!!! IM GONNA CRY I LOVE THIS MOVIE SOOOOOOO MUCH HAHSHAJJSHDHDHA
the polar express is the worst Christmas movie ever. it's boring af. not good at all.
The polar express is probably my favorite Christmas movie
The polar express is a legendary Christmas movie, I'll never forget seeing it in theaters with my mom and my brother :-)
the polar express is my favorite christmas movie and its on right now and im so v happy
The polar express is my all time favorite movie and it's on right now and I couldn't be happier!
The polar express is my favorite Christmas movie
Fun fact to ruin your night: the movie The Polar Express came out 11 years ago
The polar express is a quality movie
I've never seen the Polar Express all the way through; I think it's time. Which means not writing my essay and watching the movie instead
The Polar Express is a shit tier Christmas movie. Home alone or die.
my heart is so warm right now Greatest movie of all time. I love a The Polar Express #ABCFamily pic.twitter.com/gHXKeHXvLM
I don't care how old I get, The Polar Express will forever be my favorite Christmas movie.
The Polar Express is probs my favorite Christmas movie, besides Elf.
i hate the polar express omg worst christmas movie ever
Hands down the polar express is the best movie
The polar express gets me into the Christmas mood more than any other Other movie.
The polar express just came on and I was thinking about this movie earlier
The Polar Express is the best Christmas movie
my mom has the polar express on rn and it's literally the most annoying movie ever
how could the polar express not be ur fav Christmas movie idk
Watching the Polar Express favorite Christmas movie
Bout to watch The Polar Express My favorite Christmas movie
the polar express was that movie when we were little
The Polar Express will always be my favorite Christmas movie
omgee the polar express is on, this is my favorite christmas movie of all time thank goodness december 1st is tomorrow #imexcited
the polar express is on and this is my favorite Christmas movie
The polar express my favorite Christmas movie
The Polar Express movie is 11 years old wtf
guess what's on? my favorite movie of all time. The Polar Express
The polar express is on i love that movie
my favorite holiday movie has to be the polar express
The polar express is the best Christmas movie
Alright where's the polar express movie and some hot chocolate
The Polar express is my favorite I mean favorite Christmas movie
The Polar Express is the greatest Christmas movie of all time.
The Polar Express is the best movie ever
Watching the polar express omg fav Christmas movie. Your never to old to watch
The polar express would not be a good movie without Tom hanks, that man makes an average movie into a classic
THE POLAR EXPRESS. THIS IS THE BEST MOVIE EVER. NOBODY CAN DENY IT.
The Polar Express will always be my favorite Christmas movie
THE POLAR EXPRESS IS ON this is the best mf Christmas movie ever
the polar express is my fav christmas movie
The Polar Express is onnnnn...my fav Christmas movie
THE POLAR EXPRESS IS IN OMFHJSHS I LOVE THIS MOVIE
I'm about to quote The Polar Express word for word greatest Christmas movie ever.
The Polar Express is on I love this movie
The Polar Express will always be my favorite movie
The Polar Express is the worst Christmas movie idc
& Let the Polar Express begin my holiday movie madness:)
THE POLAR EXPRESS IS MY NUMBER 1 FAVORITE CHRISTMAS MOVIE
The polar express is on I am so in love with this movie
The polar express, my fav animated movie
watching the polar express bc fave Christmas movie
THE POLAR EXPRESS IS MORE THAN JUST A MOVIE ITS A LESSON ITS A MESSAGE SON SHIT IS POWERFUL IVE BEEN TRYING TO TELL YOUS
Anybody who knows me knows The Polar Express is my favorite . How can you not like that movie
The polar express is my favorite Christmas movie
The Polar Express literally makes me so happy inside. Like how could you not love this movie?!
@brie_coleman FUCK the polar express I have been FORCED to watch that movie every year since mf kindergarten F. O. H.
I've always wondered what that hot chocolate on the train in the polar express movie taste like... Apparently heaven... I want some...
The Polar Express is the best animated Christmas movie of all time
The Polar Express will forever be my favorite Christmas movie.
til this day I don't understand the polar express but it's such a great movie
THE POLAR EXPRESS IS COMING ON! literally my favorite Christmas movie.
You know what Christmas movie I hate? The Polar Express lmfao
THE POLAR EXPRESS HAS ALWAYS BEEN MY FAVORITE CHRISTMAS MOVIE EVER SINCE IT FIRST CAME OUT
THE POLAR EXPRESS IS NEXT AGH. MY FAVORITE CHRISTMAS MOVIE EVER.
The polar express is my favorite Christmas movie. Judge me.
the only Christmas movie I never get tired of watching is The Polar Express
the polar express will always be my favorite christmas movie of all time even when i'm 60
The Polar Express might be the only movie that makes me feel legitimate holiday emotions.
People who think the Polar Express is the "best christmas movie" have obviously never watched a quality christmas movie.
The Polar Express is the best Christmas movie
THE POLAR EXPRESS IS ON TONIGHT!! I'm so excited that's my fav Christmas/childhood movie
The polar express is probably the worst Christmas movie of all time.
The Polar Express is coming on at 8 & I'm crying bc that's my all time favorite Christmas movie
If The Polar Express is your favorite Christmas movie I'm judging you so hard
The Polar Express is a very underrated movie
breh it's lit..... the polar express bout to be on and I've legit seen this movie 42037x times and still get so excited when it's on smh
The Polar Express is hands down the best Christmas movie
my favorite Christmas movie will always be the polar express
My favorite childhood movie The Polar Express comes on
My favorite Christmas movie is on tonight the Polar Express
The best Christmas movie is the polar express
I love the Christmas season because The Polar Express is my favorite movie ever and it's perfectly acceptable to watch it every week now
Time for the Polar Express challenge: Watch the movie every day for the month of December
Join us for a #FamilyNight out! This Wednesday #XLFamilyMovieNight at 5pm! The Polar Express Movie! FREE EVENT! pic.twitter.com/Db4hmEEBrw
my all time favorite Christmas movie " The Polar Express " come on tonight
Hello @POTUS I am having an argument with my roommate ( @Mwieloch97) and I'm wondering which movie is better The Polar Express or The Grinch
Cant wait till the polar express comes on my favorite Christmas movie
Honestly, the polar express is such a weird movie, but i love it anyway, it means christmas is coming soon :)
I'm so ready for The Polar Express to come on tv . It's my favorite Christmas movie
When the Polar Express come on... istg bet not nobody talk to me! Ats my movie rt
Think it's officially time for watching elf and the polar express love a Christmas movie
The Polar Express is like my favorite Christmas movie
in class watching the polar express and supposedly to other people, I'm on the movie, I don't even look like her pic.twitter.com/PFVUaLgc0E
The polar express is such a great movie
The Polar Express is my favorite Christmas movie
One thing I love about Christmas is the polar express like I love that movie
"That's the way things happen on... the polar express!" I love this movie and soundtrack so much! #ThePolarExpress
The Polar Express is the weirdest Christmas movie but I still love it
I've seen the Polar Express so many times that I have the entire movie memorized :')
The polar express is the greatest movie!
Favorite Christmas movie is The polar express
@NicoleMorrill2 @gohammorgohome1 I only like one Christmas movie and that's the polar express!
// wassap youngin lol , but I fw you more for thinking the polar express is the best Christmas movie lol
I'm so ready to watch the polar express , that's my FAV Christmas movie
The Polar Express is coming on tomorrow night, & nobody understands how excited I am. my favorite Christmas movie of all time!!
Actually the polar express was the best Christmas movie as a kid
The polar express will forever be my favorite Christmas movie.
Tonight's low. Thinking that the Polar Express was on, turning on the TV, and seeing another movie playing. :(
the polar express will always be the best Christmas movie
I'm sorry but if you think the Polar Express is a good movie then I probably don't consider you a respectable human being.
The Polar Express is the greatest movie of all time.
the polar express is my favorite christmas movie
Watching The Polar Express, AKA Uncanny Valley: The Movie
Beginning a month long Christmas movie marathon with @gabsssss by starting with The Polar Express
@chloecolyar13 unfollow me idc doesn't change the fact that the polar express is a terrible movie
Yo the Polar Express my fav christmas movie of all time
The Polar Express will forever be the best movie
The Polar express is the best Christmas movie hands down
Shoutout to The Polar Express for being the greatest Christmas movie ever made
I hate the Polar Express, pls don't @ me or play that movie in my presence
The polar express is an underrated movie
The polar express will forever be my favorite Christmas movie
The polar express is the most boring Christmas movie ever ok
" The Polar Express " Is The Best Christmas Movie
The Polar Express is such a good movie
the polar express is the cutest movie ever
call me childish but my favorite Christmas movie "The Polar Express" lol
The polar express is the cutest movie, and definitely one of my favorites
the polar express is my fav Christmas movie
The Polar Express is the first movie to come on for 25 days of Christmas
The Polar Express is like the best Christmas movie everrrrr>>>>>>>>>>>
The Polar Express is my favorite movie
ABC Family is starting out with a bang playing The Polar Express as the first movie of 25 days of Christmas
the polar express will always be my favorite 25 days of Christmas movie
the polar express is the first movie, YES!!! https://twitter.com/dopehighness/status/670364756683833344 …
the polar express is a great movie & idc what anyone says
Im watching the polar express and this movie is so good
The polar express is by far my favourtie christmas movie
the polar express is the greatest movie out there and if you say it's not, you're lying
@ShawnMendes What's your favorite Christmas Movie??? Mine the Polar Express
Am I the only one who thinks the polar express is kind of a creepy movie...
the polar express is the best christmas movie ever made tbh
The polar express will always be my favorite christmas movie no matter what
My favorite Christmas movie is the Polar express honestly.
I will never understand how people like the Christmas movie "The Polar Express"
Finally found the Polar express movie
Watching the polar express favorite Christmas Movie
Because #oomf said something about the polar express movie. I want to say I have never seen that movie.
What christmas movie should I watch next Elf or The Polar Express
Just one film beats "The Polar Express" as the highest earning holiday movie http://on.mktw.net/1OvooCa 
Britt bought me The Polar Express movie (my fav Christmas movie) since I left mine at my ex's. She's the best :')
@skiracerv and I are making inappropriate comments at the Polar Express movie what??
okay but the polar express is a good ass movie
The worst part about the Christmas season is the Polar Express comes on all the time. And that movie is just downright creepy
The Grench is my all time favorite Christmas movie. Next to the Polar Express. What's yours?
So the Polar Express comes on tomorrow I will be tuned in hands down the best Christmas movie ever.
the polar express is probably my fav christmas movie ever
unpopular opinion: the polar express is the suckiest christmas movie
the polar express is such a great kid movie
@AllyBrooke Watch The Polar Express next! My all time favorite Christmas movie
Tom Hanks played nearly every character in the Polar Express. I think it's high time that Samuel L Jackson make such a Christmas movie
the polar express will always be my all time favorite christmas movie
the polar express is forever my favorite Christmas movie
If the Polar Express isn't your favorite movie than you're lying to yourself
All Aboard for The Polar Express! Bring the whole family to our annual Christmas movie tradition. Kids get a... http://fb.me/70mHMep8X 
No other Christmas movie is fuckin with the Polar Express
The Polar Express will always be my favorite Christmas movie.
The Polar Express will forever be the best Christmas Movie
apparently there is a train in madison that for christmas time is the polar express and takes u around and people like sing about the movie
The Polar Express is the best Christmas movie ever
The first movie of 25 days of Christmas is the Polar Express Tuesday
The most real things is the world are things we can't see - The Polar Express (Movie)
The Polar Express will always be my favorite Christmas movie. I still remember watching it with my parents & sister when i was a kid
The polar express movie makes me so happy
I really like the polar express like that's my favorite Christmas movie of all
One of the hardest decisions of my life..whether to watch The Polar Express (my fave Christmas movie) or The Incredible Hulk (my husband)
"The Polar Express" will always be my all-time favorite Christmas movie
THE POLAR EXPRESS IS THE BEST CHRISTMAS MOVIE DON'T EVEN DEBATE THIS
When my 62 year old aunt sees santa in the polar express:"holy shit it's him" Later in the movie:"why the hell would a kid want a dumb bell"
Watching the Polar Express at Teague when it was early dismissal and pajama day made me hate that movie
Just watched a commercial for the polar express and just made me think of @rach_seno miss you! And movie nights!
Can't wait to see my favorite Christmas movie "The Polar Express"
@FrankIero @J_Hart201 @xorogerharvey have you ever watched the movie the polar express, and would you agree it's stressful af
idc, the polar express will always be my fav Christmas movie
the polar express is my all time favorite holiday movie.
THEY SKATED TO THE HOT CHOCOLATE SONG FROM THE POLAR EXPRESS MOVIE AND I WAS SO GEEKED FOR IT OH MY GOD pic.twitter.com/6hmw95WDkX
the polar express. a GREAT movie
what's your favorite christmas movie? mine's the polar express
@omarA299 the polar express is the best Christmas movie w/o a doubt
if i could go inside any movie it would be The Polar Express i love that movie so much
the polar express is the greatest christmas movie ever
The Polar Express will forever be my favorite Christmas movie.
the best cartoon christmas movie is the polar express idc idc hands down that's the best movie
Can't wait to watch my fav Christmas movie, The Polar Express
Coach driver looks like Santa and he's listening to let it go from frozen I feel like I'm in the Polar Express movie
The polar express is my absolute favorite Christmas movie..
I love it how @AmandaCerny on snapchat a few days ago was watching the polar express. That Movie is amazing. I love it
The Polar Express has got to be the best animated Christmas movie of all time.
the Polar Express is such a weird animated movie lol
The Polar Express is easily my favorite Christmas movie of all time
I HATE THE POLAR EXPRESS SO MUCH THAT IS THE ONE MOVIE I ACTUALLY CANNOT STAND
watching the polar express with my nephew. if i remember correctly, this movie was the catalyst to one of my earliest existential crisis
Mom: "why are we watching the polar express? Can't we watch a football game" Ben and dad: " no I like this movie" Well that's a change
@WillGoree yeah, The Polar Express is a pretty despairing movie
The Polar Express will forever be the best Christmas movie to get me in the spirit
Every year my family watches The Polar Express and my dad will quote the movie the whole time and it's the most adorable thing ever
The polar express will forever be my favorite Christmas movie
The polar express is the best Christmas movie ever
Parents with 1st & 2nd graders! Come in your PJs to watch The Polar Express for 1st & 2nd Grade Movie Night Dec. 6! pic.twitter.com/EEyChAiINp
IM ABOUT TO WATCH MY FAV MOVIE THE POLAR EXPRESS DJDJDJDJFN
yess they put the polar express on the movie list
The polar express is the only Christmas movie that comes anywhere close to making me cry and it's not because of the terrifying animation
the polar express is such a good movie
The polar express is my all time favorite Christmas movie besides the grinch
The polar express my shit can't tell me idk none of the parts cause I know every part every song and every word on this movie
The Polar Express is my favorite movie of all time-besides Harry Potter
Currently watching The Polar Express & drinking Miller Lite..... I'll never be too adult for this to be my FAV MOVIE EVER
omg have you guys seen "the polar express" movie ....it's literally the coziest cutest movie
The Polar Express might be the greatest movie of all time
I fucking hate the polar express .. That movie long n boring
"I love the polar express Christmas movie the best" said no one ever!!
The polar express movie was always my fav childhooood Christmas movie.
The Polar Express will forever be my fav Christmas movie and soundtrack
The Polar Express. All-time favourite Christmas movie.
The Polar Express was the first movie that showed me that even kids find the greatest tales to be false
I'm going to get a tattoo of the polar express bc that movie has my heart
“ @Man_Of_God19: Quote this with your favorite Christmas movie!! ” The Polar Express!
why is the polar express such a great movie
The polar express has & always will be my favorite Christmas movie!
The polar express is a terrible movie would not recommend to a friend
Best Christmas movie: The Polar Express. Hands down
I'm watching The Polar Express by myself... It's kinda sad but the movie is beautiful
@NOELY____ I know it sounds childish but I wish the polar express was on there too lol, loved that movie so much as a kid
Why isn't the Polar Express on Netflix? It's my favorite movie
an illegal link to the polar express movie would be much appreciated
Why does everyone love the Polar Express? Its literally the worst Christmas movie i have ever seen.
GOSH DIGGITY I WISH THE POLAR EXPRESS WAS ON THAT MOVIE IS MY ABSOLUTE FAV
Can't wait for The Polar Express to come on. Fav Christmas movie.
The Polar Express is the best Christmas movie and I will fight you if you disagree.
The polar express will always be my favorite Christmas movie
THE POLAR EXPRESS IS THE MOST TRASH MOVIE OF ALL TIME IF U LIKE THAT MOVIE IM ASSUMING UR GONNA DRIVE A MINI VAN TILL U DIE
I hate when people ask me what my favorite heist as movie is because I'll refuse to pick between Elf and The Polar Express
the polar express is my favorite holiday movie
when the polar express isn't on netflix or any other movie website.
This weekend: ‘The worst movie ever made’, ‘The Polar Express’ at Bookmarks @NorthParkCenter and a birthday party http://prestonhollow.advocatemag.com/2015/11/24/weekend-worst-movie-ever-made-polar-express-birthday-party/ …
The polar express might as well be a horror movie omg
Nov 28th at 6PM for the lighting of our Christmas Tree, outdoor movie/The Polar Express, special visit/Santa... http://ow.ly/V1lmp 
What's the last movie you watched? — The polar Express http://l.ask.fm/igoto/45DKECN75V62DDAUPY6IQO6Q7KNTRIZKRXS6DBF4KHV2XYNMYIYI2Z2MFNFMURJTL267KFYDJQUH4DB7YEV7M2VONS5LPBR5UUARBEY3C53DWGP5B6MTGOHPZS2PFWD7SCSMUBQC2TTHDFMILWLAES3NVXGHNYUKYTFGLYDTQOPPYP7SFZZWHX6M6NPKJ47XTQI72VY= …
the polar express will always scare me goodluck ever getting me to watch that movie
the polar express is the worst christmas movie of all time
December need to hurry. I'm ready to watch The Polar Express. That's my favorite Christmas movie!!
I love the polar express except that movie long ass hell
Il I love watching The Polar Express. Just finished watching the movie and it always reminds me to believe in the meaning of Christmas.
The polar express is by far my favorite Christmas movie
I'm watching The Polar Express wow I love this movie, it will never get old
Can't wait to watch The Polar Express everyday. Favorite Christmas movie
The Polar Express or The Lego Movie. This is soooooo difficult.
The Polar Express was and always will be my all time favorite Christmas movie
My fav holiday movie is the Polar Express and if you don't know why then we really aren't that good of friends lol /:
The polar express is hands down the best Christmas movie ever!
What's your favorite Christmas movie? Mine is the polar express.
why does everyone like the polar express I hate that movie :/
Join us for our 30th anniversary celebration of The Polar Express! Wear your jammies to watch the movie and have... http://fb.me/80VR0OFs5 
i love watching home alone it's my favorite christmas movie. NOOOO OR THE POLAR EXPRESS
The Polar Express will forever be my favorite Christmas Movie
I feel like Elf is the ultimate Christmas movie while mine is The Polar Express
the polar express is the best christmas movie ever don't fight with me on this tbh
Listening to the polar express soundtrack cause I love that movie and this time of year <3
The Polar Express is hands down my favorite Christmas movie ever
I'm 100% serious when I say this. The Polar Express is a great Christmas movie.
The Polar Express is a beautiful movie
This is annoyingly true + the polar express is my fave Christmas movie! https://twitter.com/FunnySayings/status/668873453483769857 …
@Jits_Andrew They had to do it on the Polar Express tho?! that's my movie dawg
The polar express will always be my favorite movie
The polar express is hands down my favorite Christmas movie.
The polar express is such a terrible movie. I wish the train would just crash and all the children would die.
i Can't wait Till Christmas .... i always watch the polar express thats my favorite christmas movie ...
ready to see my favorite Christmas movie the polar express
The Polar Express has to be the best Christmas movie!!
The Polar Express is my fav Christmas movie
the polar express is the most annoying movie ever
someone buy me the polar express movie and bring it to me please
THE POLAR EXPRESS IS MY CHRISTMAS MOVIE
The polar express is my all time favorite christmas movie I literally watch it everyday in december when it finally comes on demand im
also... I saw a tv ad for The Polar Express.... fun fact, that will literally be the only movie that will get me into Christmas spirit.*w*
The Polar Express is by far the best Christmas movie ever made
Watching The Polar Express in a blanket fort with little minions. First Christmas movie 2015 #FTW #nojudging
The Polar Express is such an underrated movie
the polar express will forever be my favourite Christmas movie
I'm so ready for the Polar Express to come on . Favorite christmas movie
The polar express is my favorite movie
"Oh great, this movie kinda scares me but it's okay because it's a good movie" @_meganhenry on The Polar Express
Idc what anyone says, the Polar Express is the best Christmas movie hands down.
The Polar Express is and will always be my favorite Christmas movie tbh
ok the polar express is my favourite xmas movie of all time
I honestly can't wait till Disney starts playing The Polar Express movie in December I like it
The Polar Express if probably my favvv movie everrr
the polar express is the best movie
WHY WOULD SOMEONE MAKE A MOVIE LIKE THAT. NAH FAM FUCK THIS IMA STICK TO THE POLAR EXPRESS AND THE GRINCH.
The Polar Express will always be my favourite Christmas movie
The Polar Express is really a deeply odd movie. Fierce bang of BioShock off it
The Polar Express is by far the best Christmas movie.
Have such a strong disliking for the Polar Express movie, that I can't even explain
the polar express is my favourite Christmas movie I cry every SINGLE time
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/uKwwpmC02IQ?a  The Polar Express (3/5) Movie CLIP - When Christmas Comes To Town (2004) HD
The Polar Express is like my fav Christmas movie tho like i cry every time I see watch it
A young boy's belief is reignited on a magical journey in our Big Big Movie The Polar Express now on @RTEOne pic.twitter.com/wHFsunr41y
All cosy watching @rte big big movie The Polar Express #Cosy #LoveChristmasMovies pic.twitter.com/QJmIddU7qN
Watching the first Christmas movie with Sid , The polar express :)
You know Christmas is coming when the big big movie is the polar express!!
the polar express is my absolute favorite christmas movie!
I want to watch the Polar Express that's my fav Christmas movie
The Polar Express hands down greatest Christmas movie.
Ain't gone lie the polar express is my fav movie
The Polar Express is a favorite movie & book of the holidays! http://buff.ly/1QsqSn5  #ihsnet #polarexpress... http://fb.me/6SQlF3DLM 
Don't miss out on Family Fun "Movie in the Street" Night!! The Polar Express will be playing on a jumbo screen in... http://fb.me/3JLzMpKe8 
The polar express is my fave ABC Family Christmas movie
my fav Christmas movie is the polar express
Really want to see The polar express movie
The Polar Express is hands down my favorite movie of all time like not only during Christmas time
The Polar Express is my favorite movie of all time, everyone who knows me knows that
“ @DailyRapFacts: . @Tinashe was also a voice in the polar express movie pic.twitter.com/hR2f6lSFg1”oh shit
The Polar Express is my favorite favorite favorite Christmas movie
I hate the movie The Polar Express idk
Outdoor Movie Night is tonight featuring The Polar Express!!! Characters will be interacting with the crowd... http://fb.me/21CPo24FN 
The grinch, the polar express, home alone, and elf.. Whose down for a movie marathon?
This Christmas season I'm buying the Polar Express movie and I'm going to watch it none stop it's my favorite Christmas movie.
"Pajama Parties" Highlight Return of IMAX® Movie "The Polar Express" at The Maritime Aquarium http://news.hamlethub.com/sono/events/1677-pajama-parties-highlight-return-of-imax-movie-the-polar-express-at-the-maritime-aquarium …
the polar express is such a terrible movie tbh
Me: Caden, it's going to snow tonight. What movie should we watch. Caden: The Polar Express Me: pic.twitter.com/ewxGtUySQh
Santa Came to Visit our offices when he found out we were sponsoring @TheNewCabot movie The Polar Express! http://on.fb.me/1HcHldl 
The polar express is a horror movie
You know what's the best christmas movie? Like.... Ever??? The Polar Express
I fucking hated the Polar Express movie You can block me
The Polar Express the best Christmas movie hands down
the polar express is a Christmas movie i can watch over and over again.
Every time I hear the Polar Express soundtrack I feel really emotional because it just takes me back to be childhood and that movie though
is there any greater movie than the polar express?
I don't care if it's a movie for five year olds, I will always love the Polar Express
The Polar Express Is A Wonderful Movie
@sammi_gonz The Polar Express is a wonderful movie! One of my favs! #TRUBatteriesIncluded
The polar express is the BEST Christmas movie of all time!
Trying to decide between VeggieTales Christmas movie or The Polar Express.
the polar express is my favorite Christmas movie
"Pajama Parties" Highlight Return of IMAX® Movie "The Polar Express" at The Maritime Aquarium https://lnkd.in/d8HjzSx 
The Polar Express will always be my favorite Christmas movie
Don't forget to get your tickets for Family Movie Night (The Polar Express-Dec 3) and Santa's Breakfast (Dec 5). Forms were sent home
The Polar Express is my movie
Christmas movie: Elf or the Polar Express
The Polar Express is my movie for the rest of the year
the polar express is like my favorite Christmas movie, can they play it on TV already???
The Polar Express is the best Christmas movie ever.
WE NEED TO HAVE A CHRISTMAS MOVIE MARATHON AT YOUR HOUSE. NOW. STARTING WITH THE POLAR EXPRESS. @CrysNicole68
Don't ever tell me The Polar Express was a horrible Christmas movie. pic.twitter.com/mQumf749oW
"Forest Gump fucking sucks. If you want to watch a good Tom Hanks movie you watch The Polar Express"
Just waiting for the polar express to come on tv lol my fav Christmas movie
The Polar Express movie scares me
I'm crying @bethany_wood18 is serenading me with the Polar Express movie sound track
The Polar Express is my favorite Christmas movie
I'll fight anyone who tries to say that The Polar Express isn't the best Christmas movie of all time
the polar express came out 11 years ago and it's still the all time greatest Christmas movie
I might be the only person in the world who despises the movie the polar express
The polar express is that movie though
The only sappy Christmas movie I really like is The Polar Express
Upcoming Event: The Polar Express Movie Night - 11/19/2015 http://tinyurl.com/pgvkh2a 
New Event: Free Movie Night | The Polar Express (G) http://www.walkaboutwellington.com/event/free-movie-night-polar-express-g/ …
The polar express is easily the best Christmas movie.
"when i get home im watching the polar express" "why" "because its a happy joy movie"
It's official. My girls are obsessed with The Polar Express. We've watched it about 5 times in 3 weeks. #Christmas #movie Super cute!
the polar express is my fave movie
The Polar Express will forever be my favorite Christmas movie
My favorite Christmas movie is The Polar Express and everyone hates it and I get sad lmfao
Family Fun Nights is going to host a Holiday movie for the whole Family. We will be showing the Polar Express on... http://fb.me/1ZtOQkQGE 
Best part about Christmas: the Polar Express movie
The polar express will always be my favorite movie
@Jay_KayAre @KatiePierce5 The Polar Express is my favorite movie in general I feel wounded
The Polar Express is hands down the best Christmas movie ever.
I hate the polar express omg worst christmas movie ever lol
@ReaganGomez The Polar Express is my favorite Christmas movie and Chris Brown's rendition of This Christmas is my favorite song
The polar express is the best Christmas movie tho!
Mads is questioning all the logic behind The Polar Express rn it is a children's Christmas movie about a magical train stfu and be jolly
no lie i fucking hate the polar express movie
fuck the polar express that movie blows ass
The Polar Express is my all time favourite Christmas movie
The Polar Express is easily my fav christmas movie
The Salted Rim, Ocean View, De Experience the magic of Christmas with THE POLAR EXPRESS family movie and... http://fb.me/6Rc3vfmjC 
Already drawing up the Christmas movie watch list: Home Alone Elf The Grinch The Polar Express Love Actually Edward .. @ethy_bates
I don't think there's a better Christmas movie then the polar express tbh
the polar express my favorite Christmas movie till this day
im tellin u the polar express is the best christmas movie out there
Does anyone love The Polar Express movie as much as I do?
@MasterPancake The Polar Express freaks me the fuck out. I could never watch that movie stoned.
The polar express is the best Christmas movie ,hands down !!
@SaraNyquist99 @annieb1332 @WVlasek @mmarc_lemon I politely disagree Sara the polar express is honestly the most terrible movie ever made
Join the BHS Teens Against Cancer (TAC) and Barberton City Schools at “The Polar Express” Movie Night on December... http://fb.me/1Zav3sqUn 
the polar express was such a flop of a movie
The Polar Express is easily the best Christmas movie ever.
the polar express is my faaaav holiday movie
@mmarc_lemon @seliahmccasland the polar express is quite possibly the WORST movie I have ever had to endure
The polar express is still my favorite Christmas movie
I couldn't remember anybody's name in the polar express and I now realize nobody in that movie had a name
Best Christmas movie ever the polar express pic.twitter.com/8jIvoCLBql
One movie I watch all the time around christmas is the Polar Express & I be all in it like a kid, I fw that movie hard..
the polar express will forever be my fav Christmas movie
We watch the Polar Express every year, and drink polar express hot chocolate. It's Van's fave movie. http://pinterest.com/pin/58898707604525424/ …
THE FIRST MOVIE ON THE 25 DAYS OF CHRISTMAS IS THE POLAR EXPRESS, THATS SO EXCITING
We know it is early but we are Very Excited because the Polar Express Movie Event is back this year. The date... http://fb.me/4elZgOsjb 
Tix for the Polar Express now on sale! Experience the movie as never before on Dec 5. Tix: http://buff.ly/1MxFNas  pic.twitter.com/lVmE5fvAJY
Did not know i had this movie ....thanks to whoever i stole it from  — watching The Polar Express
All Aboard the Polar Express - Movie at the Civic! http://goo.gl/Chc3H8 
The Polar Express is a movie that should play all year
The bridge from the peanuts movie is the same bridge from the polar express
The polar express is a movie that should not have been made
The Polar Express is the best Christmas movie off top
I'm so happy that I bought the polar express movie. It was taking to long to come back on Netflix and too long to come on tv.
The Polar Express is my favorite Christmas movie of all time ...
When I watch the polar express no one better bother me cause you might fuck around and get smacked cause that's my fav movie
The Polar Express is the best x-mas movie you could EVER ask for!!
The polar express is that movie
The polar express movie will always be so cute
The Polar Express will forever be my favorite Christmas movie!
@tessipo0 excuse me cutie,but this is a formal request to watch the elf/the polar express/any Christmas movie together sometime/all the time
nothing gets me more ready for christmas than the polar express movie/soundtrack
the polar express will forever be my fav christmas movie
How does someone not like the polar express movie
The polar express is by far the best movie in the world
the polar express is my favorite movie
My Favorite Christmas Movie is The Polar Express
The Polar Express is by far the best christmas movie ever
Watching the polar express movie with a hot chocolate #christmas #thepolarexpress… http://ln.is/instagram.com/p/zFCZm …
I think my favorite Christmas movie of all time is The Polar Express
BLU-RAY MOVIE DISC THE POLAR EXPRESS TOM HANKS BLU-RAY MOVIE FREE SHIPPING http://united-kingdom-guide.info/dk/ge/?query=141829197879 … pic.twitter.com/NhFUYeS59E
Highkey HATE The Polar Express. Worst Christmas movie ever. Very overrated.
the polar express is hands down the best christmas movie ever made and if you don't agree fight me
Nw: The Polar Express a very touching movie still a memory with Santa Claus
I look forward to Christmas every year purely because the Polar Express is the greatest Christmas movie ever
@alysaadonaldson the polar express is the fucking best. #1 Christmas movie, I'll fight anyone who says otherwise.
there r 2 types of people in this world... those who like the polar express and those who don't know a good christmas movie
confirmed: the polar express is the best movie ever
The Polar Express is the best movie for the holidays ...or the 14th of November
The polar express will forever be my favorite Christmas movie..fr fr
The Polar Express was, is, and always will be my favorite Christmas movie.
Favorite movie? — Since Christmas is coming up, it's the Polar Express http://link.ask.fm/igoto/45DKECN75V62DDAUPY6IQO7C42DDFKAXRP7O3CP7D7SLNZN62VWZGZKLFNFM2SZWL23PIHQOAYUWOPQT3UY7C65IGTZ3JGBAUUIAPR2ICZXQSK7VB2KC6IF7QKUP5UTXTXXJSBY343NHHGMVJSPAYQR66HBWXZUY2PTVL6DKWHX6AUXIDJXGDZXP5VB2JYXAWJQOC=== …
OKAY BYE IM GONMA WATVH THE POLAR EXPRESS RHIS IS MY FUCKING MOVIE
The polar express is still my favorite movie ! thank you @DisneyFR
cant wait till the polar express start coming on.. my fave movie
@NECROMANClNG like anything from the polar express tbh I love that movie but it's also just tom hanks x3 teaching young tom hanks about xmas
the movie The Polar Express mastered the art of the uncanny valley and no one's comfortable talking about it now
@warlockworld the best train i ever saw was the one in the movie The Polar Express, in which a kid rides a train to somewhere
Does anyone have the polar express movie
The Polar Express is my all time FAVORITE Christmas movie It makes me so happy
@hanb1597 Soo true!! I love them all but my top favourites are The Polar Express and Santa Claus: The Movie. xxx
Watching The Polar Express with Sienna, such a wonderful Christmas movie!
who would i be without the polar express movie
@wqstednights THE POLAR EXPRESS IS MY ALL TIME FAVOURITE MOVIE
The polar express is my fav Christmas movie
the polar express movie is an all time fav.
@StephieSoto Watch 'The Polar Express', that's my favourite Christmas movie
I love The Polar Express so much it's such a perfect movie
And the polar express is a shitty ass creepy movie anyway
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/TQhRqtt-Fpo?a  The Polar Express (2004) Official Trailer - Tom Hanks, Robert Zemeckis Movie HD
The Polar Express will always be my favorite Christmas movie
My fav Christmas movie is The Polar Express
Darn it all! Why can't I find free to use graphics for the Polar Express Movie? I want to make some Zazzle products with them.
The polar express was such a boring movie I hardly remember what it's about
The Polar Express is literally my all time favorite Christmas movie
Low key, the polar express is still my favorite Christmas movie
The Polar Express is the greatest Christmas movie ever
@RetroPupbark TBH The Polar Express is my all time favorite Christmas movie, think I watched it 30 times per Christmas lol
Honestly the Polar Express is my favorite Christmas movie
The only Christmas movie that truly matters is "The Polar Express" so, you can kill that.
The Polar Express is probably my favorite movie to watch during Christmas time. It's so cute!
THE POLAR EXPRESS MOVIE MAKES MY HEART SO HAPPY IM SO EXCITED FOR CHRISTMAS
I can't wait until The Polar Express is on tv all the time. Forever my favorite movie
I love The Polar Express movie
The polar express will always be my favorite Christmas movie.
Is the polar express a good Christmas movie?
The polar express will be mine and @JPKielmann movie forever when the boy falls
Nothin was creepier than that movie "The Polar Express".....
Omg I wanna watch the Polar Express now that's my favorite movie! I can watch it all day everyday
I'm ready for the polar express to come on. I love that movie
Christmas time is hereeeee!! I wanna watch the polar express.. I love that movie.
the Polar Express is my absolute favorite Christmas movie omg
The polar express is my favourite Christmas movie
so madison williams thinks the polar express is real, and i thought the titanic was just a movie @Mmadisonnn_
Not a day goes by that I don't mourn what the polar express movie could have been.
@littleyarnbaby The Snowman, Elf, Santa Claus The Movie and it is a toss up between The Polar Express and Nativity :)
Man, the Polar Express soundtrack is good. I should probably watch the movie since I never have.
i don't care what anyone says, The Polar Express is a very good Christmas movie
The Polar Express [2004] [DVD] - http://bit.ly/1iNjc1a  #PolarExpress #Christmas #Movie #Train #NorthPole #Xmas pic.twitter.com/NlzmE10XnN
THE POLAR EXPRESS IS THR BEST MOVIE
the polar express was mine & my dad's fav Christmas movie. it was our movie together. playing it for band makes it even more special.
the Polar Express is my favorite Christmas movie
the Polar Express is the scariest movie I've ever seen
Me: Lets watch the polar express tonight !! KT: my parents bought me that movie in French so I've never really seen it
I love Christmas movies except for the Polar Express, that movie is just creepy to me. For numerous reasons.
Ready to start watching my fav Christmas movie the polar express
The Polar Express might just be my favorite Christmas movie
The Polar Express is hands down the best movie ever
All Aboard! Batesville Main Street Program invites you to The Polar Express Movie Night on Thursday, November 19... http://fb.me/4E1XC7nym 
I can't waaaait to watch The Polar Express! it's my FAV movie ever!
We have an awesome deal on The Polar Express - great time to add it to your movie collection! ==>... http://fb.me/4EUwNkDHC 
So far, The Polar Express is winning for our FREE Monthly Family movie night at Knox United Church coming up on... http://fb.me/Epoh3Vfx 
The Polar Express my movie tho
THE POLAR EXPRESS IS THE BEST MOVIE IN THE ENTIRE WORLD. IT MOVES ME.
The one xmas movie that puts me in a big xmas mood is the polar express.
Join the BHS Teens Against Cancer (TAC) and Barberton City Schools at “The Polar Express” Movie Night December 1.... http://fb.me/3H7xnuUi1 
Ney, ingetin mauk beli ini movie nnt malem ★ The Polar Express (with Victor) — https://path.com/p/14Fw1 
My fav Christmas movie has to be The Polar Express
Wish the polar express was on that movie is to cozy
Am I the only person who hates the Polar Express...? That movie honestly sucks.
People give u SO MUCH SASS for not liking the polar express but ITS JUST NOT A GOOD MOVIE
@tabitha_goetz The Polar Express is a great movie! #HollyJollyHolidays
"Have you ever seen the movie Pineapple Express?" "that's the POLAR express"
The polar express is the most amazing movie to ever be made ..
OMG my Christmas movie is coming up ! The polar express! I grew up with that movie and I don't know this remind Mes https://twitter.com/aianhangover/status/664063499107201024 …
The polar express is one of my favorite Christmas movie
I'm not watching the polar express until christmas eve, it's my ultimate favourite christmas movie
The polar express will forever be my favorite Christmas movie
the polar express is my all time favorite movie
The polar express my movie https://twitter.com/t__rainbow/status/663924518109495296 …
My favorite Christmas movie is The Polar Express; can't wait to watch it.
The Polar Express is my all time favorite Christmas movie!!
Just when I thought San Andreas might be the only movie that actually gave me nightmares ...I'm watching The Polar Express #anxietyon
cant wait for the polar express to come on, literally my fav christmas movie of all times
Purposely made my room cold, so I could drown in my blankets, drink hot chocolate & watch the Polar Express (my fav movie)
" @nbg_xo: 4. Favorite movie?" The polar express
The polar express is the greatest Christmas movie of all time
i watched the polar express again today a beautiful movie 10/10
My mom put on the Polar Express, then criminal shows and now an old Leo DiCaprio movie... Knows me too well
After Christmas I'm going on a train to the Grand Canyon that imitates the movie The Polar Express
I know every word to the polar express & to the movie elf I love Christmas man
ITS ALMOST THAT TIME OF THE YEAR AGAIN MY FAV CHRISTMAS MOVIE THE POLAR EXPRESS y'all gon get tired of me & that movie fr
The polar express is my fav Christmas movie
Going on the polar express train at the end of November . I love trains and that movie .
@laceygruendling the polar express is the worst christmas movie along with national lampoons christmas vacation
Really want a day of skipping school and watching elf, the polar express, the grinch & every other Christmas movie instead
The Polar Express is my favorite christmas movie
The Polar Express is hands down the best Christmas movie ever.
if The Polar Express wasn't your favorite Christmas movie at one point did you really have a childhood?
THE POLAR EXPRESS IS DAT MOVIE B I WATCH IT AT LEAST 87 TIMES DURING THE MONTH OF DECEMBER
A Christmas Story*" @tristanxscott: "The Polar Express" is my Favorite Christmas Movie"
The Polar Express always has been and always will be my favorite movie
Never trust anyone who thinks The Polar Express is the best holiday movie.
The Polar Express Family Movie Night http://fb.me/475Jbb2JS 
I just remembered that the first movie I saw in theaters was the Polar Express
The Polar Express is actually the cutest movie
The Polar Express will forever be my favorite Christmas movie
I don't care how old you are......the Polar Express is a good fucking movie
Not gonna lie.. The polar express is probably my favorite movie
the polar express is my favorite movie of all time how do i not own it
The Polar Express: The Movie: All Aboard the Polar Express http://germany-tips-trip.info/qt/gy/?query=381461787459 … pic.twitter.com/ltZiacPlHg
Omg the polar express. I love that movie
The Polar Express is my absolute favorite christmas movie
My fav Christmas movie comes on on my bday the Polar Express Dec. 5th https://twitter.com/ltsbuddy/status/661694582581760000 …
As a child I always thought The Polar Express was an annoying movie but let me just watch it to confirm if it's still annoying lol
The polar express is a movie I'll never get tired of watching so guf
Me: "Yes! I love the Polar Express!" @monica_walter "Wow, Sam actually likes a heartwarming movie." She knows me all too well
I hate the Polar Express movie so much
i was so sad i never got to go on the polar express when i was little and saw the movie
THE POLAR EXPRESS MOVIE IS 11 YEARS OLD WHAT THE ACTUAL
The polar express has to be the best Christmas movie
The Polar Express is a dynamite movie
Dad already put the Polar Express movie on. I wonder if he knows we still have another holiday to go through
the polar express is the best movie in the world
the polar express was a fucked uo movie
The Polar Express is the greatest Christmas movie ever
The polar express will forever be my favorite Christmas movie
The polar express is my fucking movie. I could watch it everyday idc
What Christmas movie comes close to the Polar Express..... Nothing
the polar express is honestly my favorite movie
The Polar Express Will Forever Be My All Time Favorite Christmas Movie!
The polar express is hands down the best Christmas movie ever pls don't fight me on this.
I'm 15 and The Polar Express is still my favorite movie
My favorite Christmas movie will always be The Polar Express
i really want the movie The Polar Express i should have put it on my secret santa list :/
I have to be the only human who really doesn't like the movie the polar express
don't care what anyone says , the polar express is the best Christmas movie hands down
I wanna whatch the polar express, cause we all know thats the best christmas movie.
The polar express will always be my favorite Christmas movie
Favorite Christmas movie of all time is the "Polar Express"
watching the polar express because it's almost Christmas and it's the best Christmas movie in the world.
The Polar Express was that movie
Watching my FAVORITE Christmas movie tonight!!!! The Polar Express
I can't wait till the polar express come on...my favorite Christmas movie
Watching The Polar Express my favorite movie in the world
The Polar Express is by far the best Christmas Movie
The Polar Express is by far my favorite Christmas movie
The polar express gets me like no other movie
Ready to start watching The Polar Express .. My favorite movie
It's November 6th and I am having my class watch the Polar Express I LOVE THIS MOVIE
The Polar Express will always be my favourite christmas movie and i'm not even ashamed to say i've watched it way too many times
AND THE POLAR EXPRESS... I LOVE THAT MOVIE!!
the polar express is without a doubt my all time favorite Christmas movie
remember how fucked up looking the polar express movie was
The Polar Express Is The Best Animated Christmas Movie EVER!!!
My absolute favvvv Christmas movie is The Polar Express
The Polar Express is the best Christmas movie no doubt about it
The Polar Express Is My All-Time Favorite Christmas Movie.
Is it too soon to watch the polar express? I'm in need of a feel good Christmasy movie
Gia's movie choice tonight. I guess it's never too early to watch The Polar Express. .… https://instagram.com/p/9ue8DSkY4W/ 
@mrspancakes only movie they had was The Polar Express
@BMorganMusic wanna have a Christmas movie night? The polar express
The Polar Express is easily my fav Christmas movie
how can some people not like the polar express that movie is all about holding onto your youth and always believing
WHAT THE FUCK THE POLAR EXPRESS IS MY FAVORITE MOVIE WJAY THE RUVK https://twitter.com/falafeldaddy/status/643625076445835265 …
I love the movie, The Polar Express
@Maggs_Berry Can we just go ahead and have a movie night and watch The Polar Express?
The polar express will always be my favorite Christmas movie hands down
the polar express is on my birthday & it's my fav christmas movie, all I need is snow and a few friends to comeover and watch it w me(:
sometimes i wish the polar express was real i want to di that exaxtly like the movie
@lyd_christiano Lydia your opinion is the only one that matters please clear up this situation should the Movie the Polar Express be illegal
the polar express is the best Xmas movie ever <3
The polar express is my all time favourite movie
If u know me u know my all time fav movie is the polar express
The polar express is my favorite Christmas movie and if you hate it I cannot trust you
I want it to be the holidays already so I can watch holiday movies like "The Polar Express" fave Christmas movie!
CURRENTLY WATCHING THE POLAR EXPRESS AKA MY FAVORITE MOVIE
the polar express is the best Christmas movie ever... don't debate me
Disagree if you wanna but The Polar Express is honestly the best Christmas movie ever.
You can't deny the fact that the Polar Express is the best Christmas movie
every year i watch the polar express like 10x bc its my favorite christmas movie.
The Polar Express is the best Christmas movie of all time
the polar express is my fav Christmas movie
The Polar Express is my fave Christmas movie
The polar express is my favorite movie ever
I love everything about Christmas. All of it. Except the Polar Express movie. Fuck that movie.
The polar express is easily the best holiday movie
The Polar Express.. My all time favorite xmas movie.
The polar express is hands down one of the best Christmas movie
mom: "it's themed the polar express." noelle and I: "I HATE THAT MOVIE.." I laughed too hard and we're way too similar.
What's your favorite Christmas movie? Mine: The Polar Express!
Come join us for The Polar Express movie on a 30' outdoor screen on December 5. It's free! #snacklocal http://fb.me/218RSP1ad 
How does ale not like the polar express like that movie is my life
The #PinellasPark firefighters' free movie of the month is The Polar Express. Come see it Saturday, Nov. 7. https://www.facebook.com/cityofpinellaspark/ …
kinda have this urge to watch The Polar Express. that movie is a feels trip and a half.
No better christmas movie than the polar express
I will fight you if you say any movie besides The Polar Express is the best Christmas movie
The Polar Express has always been my favorite Christmas movie
Really just can't wait to watch the polar express my all time favorite Christmas movie
Is the polar express the best Christmas movie ever
@cayleighaber @alienkota @dismalalien I KNEW I SAW SOMEONE TALKINF ABOUT THE POLAR EXPRESS WHIXH IS THE BEST CHRISTMAS MOVIE EVER AND IT DES
I've been wanting to watch the polar express for like a week & finally found someone to watch it with and now I can't find the movie :(
If you know me then you know that my all time favorite holiday movie is The Polar Express
I need to go buy the polar express DVD that's my favorite Christmas movie
@ColleenB123 #colleenscorner what's your favourite Christmas movie? Mines the polar express xx
@Provident_Loans 'The Polar Express' @tomhanks should be in EVERY Christmas movie ever made in my opinion!
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/uKwwpmC02IQ?a  The Polar Express (3/5) Movie CLIP - When Christmas Comes To Town (2004) HD
The Polar Express made a good push but there hasn't been a true classic Christmas movie made in the 2000's yet. Correct me if I'm wrong.
Despite the fact that Thanksgiving hasn't even happened yet, I am SOOOO excited to watch The Polar Express. My 2nd fav movie
Davis Tadlock: Truth: what is your favorite Christmas movie? The Polar Express
The polar express is my favorite Christmas movie , like there's no beating that
the journey to north pole . ilove this movie hehehe ^_^ — watching The Polar Express
@angelicacesar the polar express movie one!!! i wanna gooooo
The Polar Express is the best Christmas movie of all time!
The polar express will forever be my favorite Christmas movie.
the polar express is my fav christmas movie
If you don't fw the Polar Express movie I can't be cool with you
@ShaneWestFan lol I haven't felt the urge to watch the polar express yet fav Christmas movie
So they are playing songs from my all time favorite movie "the polar express" im so happy .
the polar express is my absolute fa v movie in the entire world I love christmas so fricken muchg
The Polar Express is my favorite Christmas movie
Okay but my favorite christmas movie is the Polar Express
The polar express is the funniest movie I have ever watched hands down
@LaurennM04 the polar express is my fav Christmas movie ever
@JakeElman @BiasedBullsFan Oh now that I started thinking, I remember my favorite christmas movie, its 100% The Polar Express.
The polar express is such a good movie
The polar express will always be my favorite movie. Idgaf how old I get
Ethan pick out a movie "how about the polar express?"
the first movie i ever watched in theatres was "the Polar Express" about 10 years ago with my gr2 class.... Time flies
One of my fav parts of the Christmas season is it being socially acceptable to watch the polar express over & over again that is my movie
The Polar Express is such a weird movie
@evandorkin I think you forgot about a little horror movie called THE POLAR EXPRESS pic.twitter.com/w4Hlwj577j
Like from the polar express movie. No expressions https://twitter.com/cc_jared/status/660466339799154688 …
The polar express is the greatest movie to have ever been made.
The Polar Express #santaclaus #christmas #thepolarexpress #animated #movie #movietime #kidatheart… https://instagram.com/p/9e3vUPNTqk/ 
Movie choices are Elf The Polar Express or Santa Clause is Coming to Town. Let me know ur favorite thanks
The Polar Express Collectors Edition Box Set - Book, #dvd of #movie, Bell - NEW http://ebay.to/1M6rxsu 
The polar express is definitely my favorite Christmas movie
Amazon: Best Price on The Polar Express, The Original Muppet Movie, and The Secret World of Arrietty Blu-rays - http://tinyurl.com/plqqljv 
WOW I WANNA WATCH THE POLAR EXPRESS, THATS MY FAV CHRISTMAS MOVIE
@jeongmxn I always hated that movie and then in film class this year I read why it literally was like the polar express did terrible becos
LOVE The Polar Express hot chocolate mugs. They're an exact replica of the mugs in the movie! Gotta http://pinterest.com/pin/564638872011761504/ …
Believer's Bell Scene - The Polar Express Movie I love this movie it's seriously one of my favorite http://pinterest.com/pin/564638872011761479/ …
What's the better Christmas movie, Elf or The Polar Express???
The Grinch, or The Polar Express tryna decide what Christmas movie to watch
THE POLAR EXPRESS IS THE BEST MOVIE EVER IT LITERALLY FEELS MAGICAL I CANT EVEN DESCRIBE IT
The Polar Express will forever be my favorite movie.
Just want to watch my all time favorite christmas movie the polar express
Sorry but if you think The Polar Express is bad movie you can't be my friend nor will I ever speak to you again
