username;date;retweets;favorites;text
American History X is such a good movie but there's lots of use of "Fuck" and the N word
Watch American History X Full Movie Streaming http://tinyurl.com/pnzdccu  via @delicious
See reality in your eyes when hate makes you blind. - American History X (1998)
@RussilloKanell Just Steve's favorite movie is American History X. What is everyone else's favorite movie? #TheEnd
@beurselfalwayz @jsavite @yobynnad1127 Fav movie? Django, Rosewood or American History X?
TIL the movie Malcolm X doesn't have 9 prequels. Same with American History X.
So I watched American history x last night that movie gets better everytime I watch it
"Life's too short to be pissed off all the time. It's just not worth it." -American History X (1998)
As fucked up and graphic as American History X is, it's a great fucking movie
And then I'm listing movies he's been in like American history X, Wes Anderson movies, the 2nd shitty hulk movie, & she's still like "who??"
YOOO. Have y'all seen American History X? The ending of that movie had me all messed up smh
American History X is some movie
@NadyaVanity your header is A1 dude. American history X is my movie
American History X is the best movie I've ever seen BY far.
The best movie i've seen is : american history x , such a good message @zaynmalik
American history x is such a good movie but omg I cry like a little baby every time
American History X (1998) #Film #Movie #Cinema pic.twitter.com/d65VBJqxwW
i love how american history x is a movie about how racism is bad but out of the 4 or 5 discernible black characters, only one has a name
Just happened on the most random assortment of DVDs: Lion King 1.5! American History X! Garfield Movie! The Rose! Rent! High School Musical!
American History X (1998) - http://imdb.com/title/tt0120586/ … #DiarioEnlace #SábadosDeCine "One of the most shocking story in a movie ever"
American History X is one movie which can counter a million propaganda of the Right Wing.
@tulga5555 American history X my most fav movie ever Tnx for following
American history x is a great movie but it'll rip your fucking heart out
@NononJakuzure18 A suggested movie review to go with this edition would be American History X. A film that begs to be ripped to shreds..
Today I'm discussing a very powerful film called American History X. Not always pleasant to watch, but a great movie.https://andresguy14.wordpress.com/2015/12/03/the-rewind-1990s-american-history-x/ …
American History X should be a mandatory movie to watch for everyone. So stunning. Edward Norton is a gift to the world. 1 of my favorites.
1st Terminator movie, The Usual Suspects, Coming to America, Friday, American History X, etc... List goes on & on https://twitter.com/BreadBoi/status/671598459477213184 …
American History X is my favorite movie and I suggest you watch
American History X.. Good movie. Old. I give it a 7/10
Watching American History X haven't seen it since I was younger. Such a powerful movie. I wonder if people see the ignorance in the movie
Thank God he chose the right movie lol American History X is seriously one of the best movies of all time
Finally got to watch American History X It's an okay movie. The ending is quite moving but felt a bit incomplete.
Watch American History X Full Movie Streaming http://tinyurl.com/pnzdccu  via @delicious
Meanwhile, American History X is an amazing movie.
American History X is a movie that everyone needs to watch
American history x is a sick movie but when I watch it I can't look at bald people the same
American history X is an awesome movie
American History X (1998) Watch full movie streaming HD visit: http://soo.gd/0120586  http://moviepickup.com/play.php?movie=0120586 …
I wonder if this is a new movie poster for American History X. lol pic.twitter.com/ykQChyGT4R
@sn_nfl @MMcCarthyREV EX: "American History X" is a neo-Nazi movie, but "Skinheads USA: Soldiers Of The Race War" is a neo-Nazi documentary.
@aklingus It's like the people who embraced "American History X" as being a movie about how racism is awesome
American history x is the best movie
#EdwardNorton AMERICAN HISTORY X, used movie DVD, 1998, skinhead racial crime, Edward Norton http://ow.ly/38cICs 
American History X is such a good movie. Extremely powerful.
Whenever someone asks for a movie suggestion, American history x is usually my go to
If you've never seen a movie called "Romper Stomper" check it out, and that goes double if you enjoyed "American History X".
'White Student Union' uses American History X clip to make their point. Um, did you guys see the REST of the movie?? http://wpo.st/MNtq0 
Watched American History X yesterday and things that young Derek Vinyard says in the movie certainly reminded me of Donald Trump.
its interesting what the movie "American History X" signifies to different people. Nazis, for example, embrace it
I love how racists perceive the move American History X as a movie supporting racism but that's not what it is at all
if you think american history x is a racist movie you clearly never understood the whole message.
@alexrileyiscool but American history X was a good movie do that interpretation of jail was cool same with shawshank
Posting bc I think this is funny and American History X is such a good movie pic.twitter.com/xAaNYCsnXp
American history X is the best movie ever made. No discussion
Watching American History X and what a movie this is #MovieTime
Movie Titles: "Gulp Fiction", "American History X-Code", "Null Terminator 2", #chromedevsummit
American history X will always be my favorite movie
if u wanna watch a GOOD ASS movie watch american history x
American history x was the most disturbing movie I've ever seen. I hope it opened everyone's eyes #jeez
American History X is the best movie
I just finshed watching American history X and wow that movie was touching
The dinner scene in American History X is definitely one of the most powerful moments in movie history.
american history x is my favorite movie ever
Naw Valanciunas look like he was in that American history X movie i ain't feeling the haircut
Time to watch American History X, this and Shawshank redemption will always be favorite movies, @Radiomattrick what is your favorite movie?
Repulsive movie parties, ranked: 3. The orgy in "Eyes Wide Shut" 2. Neo-Nazi party in "American History X" 1. Key party in "The Ice Storm"
holy shit American History X is a breathtaking movie
Just had to explain to someone my age who never saw the movie American history X and the boondock saints some people are just a lost cause
The movie "American History X" is so intense
@mohanty_swarup sir,I recommend u watch American History X,a great movie on reverse racism.u will enjoy it..maybe India heading toward that?
American History X really the best movie I've ever seen
Watching American History X for the first time. I'm fueled emotionally glad and fantastic movie hands down top 5 still haven't finished it.
American History X is a legendary movie. That curb stomp was iconic
American History X is such a good fuckin movie
I have 0 problem admitting The Notebook is my second favorite movie right after American History X
Zahra using the Curb Stomp as her finishing move inspired by her favourite movie American History X
American History X is a good freaking movie, besides the ending.... The ending made me cry
I just watched American History X and I am speechless. What a powerful & moving movie. Should be part of every single school curriculum
American History X is a good movie, just confused why my teacher told me i should watch it
Intense movie " @___DiDiSan: American History X I. Was. Not. Ready. pic.twitter.com/ApDmXrVYpY"
American History X.... Fingers crossed! This movie is revolutionary.
American History X is, and always will be, my favorite movie in the whole world. If you haven't seen it, you're missing out
Fuck, I really want to watch American history x for some reason. Such a good movie tho.
just watched American history x for the first time - never cried so hard because of a movie that wasn't les mis. - bravo Edward Norton
Fight club or american history x bc throughout the whole movie a good story is being told https://twitter.com/ashleybonooo/status/661382523910426625 …
Damn that just topped american history x for my favorite movie all time
You know what one movie scene I don't think I can ever watch again? That one from American History X where the guy put his mouth on a curb
American history x is such a good movie
My Dad looks like the actor in the movie american history x pic.twitter.com/0nczMVtNhn
American history X Best movie I've watched this year...
Life's too short to be pissed off all the time. It's just not worth it. - American History X (1998)
Okay guys, I know what movie it is from: American History X. Someone was arguing with me saying it was from Fight Club.
American History X is a movie about how racism and bigotry can be overcome with just a little trade and capitalism.
Been watching a movie on my watchlist every night now..tomorrow it's probably gonna be American history X. At Zoey's request
American History X is that movie dawg.
@HamsCarter_ gang II, blood and bone, American history X, a Serbian movie, twilight
American History X. Great movie
Big & Small Screens presents https://youtu.be/n2Jq-G6aMJA  American History X, a great horror movie about people. #movie #BigandSmallScreens
american history x is a phenomenal movie i highly recommend
American History X is the kinda movie I can watch every time its on
American History X is a pretty good movie
American history X is a great movie.
Sundance showing one of the greatest movies of all time: American History X with Edward Norton & Ed Furlong. Must-see movie, a Top Ten.
American History X is a intense Movie #Seriously
American history x is the best movie I have ever scene in my life. so intense.
American History X is really that movie
I barely watched American History X .. Really good movie.
New #quote : American History X Bob Sweeney #movie #quoteoftheday #quotes #quote #instagood #insta #instalike #ins… http://flic.kr/p/zgjABZ 
American History X: For the times when a movie with 1 slow motion shot of Edward Norton in the shower isn't enough.
"American history x "is a revolutionary movie. Def a must watch
American History X is such a good movie but I never wanna see it again.
Watching American History X great movie!!!!!
American History X was a good movie. But it didn't focus enough on racism against Mexicans.
American history x is such a good movie
I wanna c a good messed up movie like American History X or Alpha Dog
hey just saw this FANTASTIC MOVIE ...really very good one ... """AMERICAN HISTORY X "" starring @EdwardNorton pic.twitter.com/zB73CHP28G
American History X is a gruesome yet powerful movie. People really can change.
Couldn't find a new movie worth watching so American History X it is
American History X fucks me up every time, great movie.
American History X is such a fantastic movie.
American history X is the only movie that has actually made me yell out loud
In light of my personal all time favorite movie American History X I give you "Negreanu History X" pic.twitter.com/7Wwyzbdz16
American History X maybe be the saddest movie I've ever seen
The movie American History X is crazy man
I just watched American History X definitely not a movie to Netflix and chill.
Anyone seen the movie American History X? One of my favorites.
American history x is the best movie I've ever seen, hands down.
American history X is a good movie with a sad ending.
Everyone should watch the movie American History X js!
"American History X" is the movie tonight until I fall asleep.
American History X - 1998 This is like Donald Trump talking!! Watch the entire movie. It was released in 1998... http://fb.me/HyEFwH7k 
American History X is pretty influential movie
I stereotyped the movie American History X. Then I finally watched it it's an amazing powerful story that everybody should watch
the movie American History X will make me ball my eyes out everytime I watch it...
Cute little movie night last night with some of flat 5- American History X is so good
American History X is one powerful movie
American History X is such a dope movie
Black and white: the past. Color: the present. Much like the movie, American History X, was made. #TWDSeason6Premiere
"American History X" (1998) is a tour de force of a movie (A) #ConamaraViews <nw1w5z>
Finally watching a movie I love in my film class! American History X.
#Film #Movie #FilmDiscussion - American History X's grim alternate ending - better than the released version? at http://ift.tt/1G15DWO  …
See reality in your eyes when hate makes you blind. - American History X (1998)
@aswizzle american history x not ahs, it's a really good movie, one of my favorites you need to watch it!!
I watched American history X for the first time and that movie was wild but it was good af
That sense of shock and despair in room full of college kids when American History X ends.... #FarRight #movie pic.twitter.com/3vTnmIVyje
American History X was a fire movie but fuck...
Showing American History X to my #FarRight class tonight. Remarkably good Hollywood movie on such a complex topic. pic.twitter.com/raU4HxZ27E
AMERICAN HISTORY X : Original 27x40 movie poster for sale in my Ebay Store. Click to see/buy: http://www.ebay.com/itm/AMERICAN-HISTORY-X-1998-Original-27x40-Movie-Poster-EDWARD-NORTON-ED-FURLONG-/262078836621?hash=item3d051daf8d … pic.twitter.com/tY5pJxGh6p
I forgot how goddamn brutal the movie american history x is.
American History X is so good I completely forgot about that movie
btw american history x was a really good movie. prolly like an 8.5. ed norton brought his A game but fight club is still better imo
I actually really like the movie American history x but I have to watch it like 30 minutes at a time because of how much they yell.
American history X is a great movie like An amazing movie
that 'american history x' movie rated R af
MOVIE: American History X YEAR: 1998 DIRECTOR: Tony Kaye pic.twitter.com/FPMnyFpFuO
American history X is the best movie ever made
American History X is the saddest movie I've seen
If you don't like the movie "American History X" we can't be friends
It's still hard to watch American History X. Such a great, sad movie.
Oh, American History X is on. Haven't seen that movie in a while.
Watching American history X gets me mad but it's still a good movie
American History X will change your life if you truly pay attention to the movie
I forgot how good of a movie American History X is
American History X is on.... I can watch this movie over and over a million times ! #fav
Nothing says romantic like watching American History X on the couch with your wife. Real make out movie right there.
Watched American History X tonight, I forgot how fuckin intense that movie is
I hecka love the movie American History X
American History X is a great movie I recommend yall watch it
American History X is a very important movie
American history x is such a good movie
American History X is such a good movie but its really hard to watch sometimes.
Most disturbing sound I've ever heard in a movie? Teeth against the curb in American History X. By far.
American History X is one hell of a movie
american history X is on. if anyone hasnt seen a good movie lately.
American history X is on even tho it's a very harsh movie I love it for some reason
So many uncomfortable moments in American History X. But still such a great movie
I love watching American History X Best movie ever
American history X may be my favorite movie
I'm studying radicalization & violent extremism. Ideology is involved. Purity of the In Group etc. A movie called American History X. :)
Watching American History X, brutal movie
The movie American History X is going to remain relevant for many more years yet.
Holy shit American History X is such an intense movie
American History X. I forgot how much I loved this movie.
American History X is a nearly flawless movie.
american history x is always a good movie .
American History X is on! I love this movie
American history x is a wild movie
Watching American History X. My favorite movie about trump supporters.
LIVE on #Periscope: Watching the movie American history x https://www.periscope.tv/w/aNdK6DFlVmpZb3h6eXdRTE98MVlxR29ZcVlxQk14dqBp2xdwXL3YPrrDXJr8WeYfkwZvOnvdLMF3VKIHvbpb …
American History X is on Spike right now. If you guys wanna watch an excellent movie, that's one to watch.
American history X is such an intense movie
American History X - Movie is too trill / real!
everyone should watch this movie called american history X, shit is crazy!!!!
American History X. I never get tired of this movie, yo
American History X...greatest movie
American History X - good movie, I bet I'll think about it for years... real downer. Which is why it took 20 years for me to watch it.
American history X Movie will forever be legend
American History X is one Hard Movie I'll tell you whaauh
The worst scene I have ever experienced while watching a movie is when the guy is curb stomped in American History X. Cringe so hard.
American History X is my favorite movie EVER! I remember I would always cover my eyes when Derek stomped that guys face on the curb
@THRVSHRfluences Yeah, I can already tell... I bet his favorite movie is American History X.
American history X is a real good movie
30 Day Movie Challenge - Day 05: Your Favorite Drama Movie American History X pic.twitter.com/ekpPJAgOXs
im gonna watch american history x again after this because pastva reminded me how good that movie is
I can watch American History X nonstop and never get tired of it... Truly an amazing movie
okay so @ambahurd ( a known film hoe) just said "u know that movie...the secret american history x"
#AskTrump Which movie do you like more-- "The Birth of a Nation" or "American History X"?
Triple bill movie night at our house... Tenacious D: Pick of Destiny , American History X and now South Park: Bigger longer and uncut
American History X is such a great movie
American history x is a good flick. Sad ending but quality movie.
@StevenBondaCMP The Crow, American History X, Full Metal Jacket, Python's Holy Grail? Someone doesn't understand what a "cult movie" is.
I just finish watching American History X.... What's another good interesting movie to watch
I love American History X it's such a good movie. Makes me cry every time.
American History X is straight up a racist movie lilmalyoooon
@JmattVersion1 there is a poster? This a quote from American History X. It was a great movie.
Watching American History X rn , intense movie morning
#Film #Movie #FilmDiscussion - Just watched American History X and loved it! Where can I find the first 9 movies? at …
American history x is the best movie in history
American History X (1998): 11 Elegant Facts About The Movie!! - American History X (1998): 11 Elegant Facts... http://tmblr.co/ZJ7uVl1uEPDhG 
American History X is such a good movie
Best movie RT @BestMovieLine: American History X pic.twitter.com/N77tUeucqz
American History X is dope too I've watched that movie hella times
@Fierceauregui American History X, it's a great movie.
Last movie today was #French Blood. Docudrama about the rise of the extreme right in France. Think American history X with broader themes
American history X is the best movie I've seen since Interstellar. Highly recommend troops
What movie can you watch over and over again? — Whiplash American History x http://l.ask.fm/igoto/45DKECN75V62DDAUPY6IQO6OV6DS5JI3SC66LBVDBHX3PPPKSRYJWYCJFRF42RJUKK5LSUS4FQXGKFAS2EQ343F2MDZ3PFBG64AADDDCB5TTEL7FA7ACSIXBTCTPDHLDQWS3GEAX2TEXHHMCIPFAUQTQ47EGVTUS23LGNIRVWGCKGYODHR3GLRXM4FCYZKVD …
If there's one movie that can teach you about life, American History X is one.
American History X is one krazy ass movie!!!
But seriously everyone needs to go watch american history x bc it was the most amazing/terrible movie I've ever seen
The dinner scene in American History X is one of the most amazing scenes in a movie.
@jameegrey He was so good in American History X. A tough movie to watch but really good.
i've never hated a character in a movie more than fairuza balk in american history x
Every Friday 7:30 pm: FREE movie, FREE pop, FREE popcorn, and the Big Screen. Tomorrow: American History X
@LibyaLiberty indeed. It's also sthing that consumes the person who feels it. It's a quote from a movie about skinheads 'American History X'
well i forgot to mention watching American history X. edward norton can act. he is one good actor.. such a good movie.
Finally got around to watching American History X. What an incredible movie.
Should I be worried one of my neighbors looks like Ed Norton's stunt double from "American History X"?* *Movie... http://fb.me/7wjRhnbjQ 
People who believe in things so blindly like in movie: American History X. What's going to take people to change how they think about others
@HeckPhilly @DMX Great song. Is there a legit reason I associate it with the movie American History X?
#TerribleGiftsForA4YearOld A American History X movie and Poster.
today's movie American History X うーん、人種って、差別って何だって思ったなー。 あんな露骨な白人至上主義があったのかー。 pic.twitter.com/H87oklGAhw
American History X is literally the greatest movie of all time I could watch it on repeat till I die
"American history x is a good movie right?" *opening scene is hxc sex with Edward Norton skinhead* me: "we're in for a good watch"
I highly suggest watching American History X, great movie
@HasrulRizwan American History X. Byk scence budak skinhead & hero movie ni kena liwat dalam jail.hehe
American History X is a preetty badass movie. A bit too much hatred and racism but overall a good movie.
@JoeMande Ever see the Melbourne based Russel Crowe skinhead movie Romper Stomper? Better than American History X. http://youtu.be/YXa-nAYdjrk 
American history x is such a good movie
American History X. Movie gives me the chills and makes me wanna vomit all at the same time. #whysomuchhate
american history x's ending makes me so UUAJSKKS. watch the movie. worth it.
Day 8 - A movie that makes you sad #30DayMovieChallenge La ligne verte. Mais aussi American History X pic.twitter.com/ofdmUPKqJ4
American History X is such a badass movie
This movie is more racist than American history X
Now I'm watching American History X a very great movie with very good and actual storyline
American History X is not only a crazy intense movie, but the skinheads are saying the exact same things about MX people as Trump is I'm
Teddy Roosevelt Limited Series in Development at Showtime: The project hails from 'American History X' scribe ... http://news1.co.vu/2IKl 
@tabloidqueens because i forgive him. Have you seen American History X? America needs to watch that movie again
American History X the person just walked into the movie theater.
when pink folk say their favorite movie is american history x.... ¦>\
@SmellsBadInHere curb stomped!! I love that , is that like in the movie American History X. Ed Norton .
American History X. What a movie. Edward Norton, please come back.
Everyone needs to watch the movie "American History X' it hits all angles of Racism
American History X is still the realist movie I've ever seen..
Shit, American History X is trending? Awesome. More people should see that movie.
“@DboyRonizzle: American History X on spike right now” oooooo I love that movie!
Watching American History X, haven't seen this movie in a while!
Watching American History X! Love this movie!!
American History X is a deep movie
Just watched American history X great movie
Just finished watching American History X, and holy shit that was a good movie
American history X was such a powerful movie
Spike has a depressing movie marathon going on. First American History X and now End of Watch.
@EdwardNorton just watched American History X for the 100th time..great movie..even better with you shirtless in your undies thank you
@EdwardNorton watching american history x very powerful movie. #classic
American history x will always be my favorite movie
American History X was a really good movie '
American history X on Spike just made my night. Legendary movie
Come home after work and the first thing that comes on is American History X. Still a great movie! #classic
American history X is a dope movie just gotta see the big picture
American history x on spike.... Good ass fuckin movie man...
If you want to watch a really gritty movie that will piss you off and sad af I recommend American History X
tfw ur watching american history x in class and have to discuss how white and black characters r portrayed in the movie
American History X is an AMAZING movie
American History X is on helll yeah I love this movie.
Now we're cuddling & watching American History X together. Great movie. pic.twitter.com/Y5p7Whuws4
The curb stomp scene in American History X might be the craziest scene in a movie ever
American history x is one crazy movie it is really world problems.
Baw that movie American history x is real as hell lawd that dude cuttin up.
Watching this movie on Spike TV... pretty interesting. American History X http://fb.me/3Z7xRM9Dd 
american history x is a crazy azz movie mn
卐 American History X probably the greatest movie made. 卐
Watching "American History X." Imagine the chaos it would cause if the movie came out in 2015 with all going on in this country.
'American History X': 25 Things You Didn't Know About the Controversial Edward Norton Movie - The Moviefone Blog http://news.moviefone.com/2013/10/29/american-history-x-facts/#.VefBOqKm_6U.twitter …
American History X on Spike. Very good movie.
American History X will always be in my top 10 movie list
Not saying that American History X ain't a good movie or have some good points but it do have some really dumb racist shit
Spike is showing American History X right now. Interesting movie choice to show especially with all the racist things going on in America.
Watching american history X.. Badass movie
When Donald Trump talk it sound like he wrote the movie script for American History X.
How are people so blinded by color? Currently watching American History X. Great movie. Opened my eyes to the hate. Showed me what not to be
American History X is such a badass movie.
Powerful movie power rankings: 1) American History X 2) a bunch of other movies
A movie everyone should watch... — watching American History X
American History X is on so I can kiss the rest of my night away....love this fucking movie
Currently watching American History X... I love this movie
American history x is such an a1 movie
This movie though *American History X*
American History X is on, probably a top 5 favorite movie of mine
American History X is a really good movie
Everyone watch the movie, American History X. Old but a must see
American history X is the greatest movie
American history x is a dope movie mayne. Made me believe Edward Norton could become anyone...
American History X is probably not a good movie to watch while I'm falling asleep
American history X is such a great movie
american history x is literally the best movie
One of the best movies of all time is "American History X" great movie
I'll take American history x over higher learning as movie
American history x on spike this my movie
I've never even heard of American History X, but this movie's already got my attention... Plus Edward Norton, so it must be good
Best movie I've seen ! American History X ! Murica' Fuck Yea !!!
American history X. A solid movie for the masses https://instagram.com/p/7JudOEt8u8Dkakj0MYBXu4uTmKz2iqJ6_hMtU0/ …
If you get a chance watch the movie, American History X
American History X is a great movie. It needs more recognition.
American History X on spike right now. Favorite movie of all time. Brutal brilliant film.
You can't play a movie like American History x on cable ..0
Damn it American History X is on....now I gotta stay up. Love this movie! #EdwardNorton
American history x just came on what a great movie
American History X is such a good movie, I've been waiting to watch it since forever ago
my absolute favorite movie of all time, American history X, is on spike right now
American History X is a classic! Omg love this movie
American History X is the most fucked up movie ever
American History X is an amazing movie and I think everyone needs to watch it at least once
American history x is coming on at 1030 and it's my favorite movie but I really wanna sleep
I have never seen a more heart-wrenching movie than American History X.
American History X is such a good movie
American history X is that movie
@AKidNamedAngel hell yeah! Another good movie is American history X! Idk if it's on netflix though
American History X is a really well made movie. Strongly recommend
American History X is such an intense movie
I think more people in this country need to see the movie American History X.
@ZachLaugh @marliqbee I've cried in one movie and that was American history x! I'm a little heartless when it comes to crying in movies
American history x is such a great movie
Students: Watch the movie American History X when you get the chance. How do we become who we are? How do we change? https://twitter.com/AJEnglish/status/638048561947656193 …
Day 05 - My favorite drama movie (pursuit of happyness, american history x, gran torino aussi…) #30DayMovieChallenge pic.twitter.com/qM6HmXT2uE
Laying on the couch with my hubby watching american history x love this movie #movietime
@SlimTim925 @sagat2212 @fairygirl03 @1irishlove @The1stBAT @queenmidas29 I find Norton pretty bland. American History X was his best movie.
Just watched American History X again. Quality movie. Edward Norton played such a good lead, but he looks so different now. And 46!!!?!
American history X, whatta good ass movie..
@ChuckWagonGravy @Paul197 @UtopiasTaint @TitoJazavac American history X- good movie
What's the most heart-warming movie ending? — American History X https://retrospring.net/WildCard/a/562478 …
American History X is a great movie.
@TheS_Guy semua movie nich sparks saya dah tengok. Awak tengoklah american history x, spun
what does it say about a guy when he says American history X is his favorite movie? I've never seen it. Is it good?
Anything based off of the movie "American History X" #BadHappyMealToys
American History X is such a great movie
'American History X': 25 Things You Didn't Know About the Controversial Edward Norton Movie - The Moviefone Blog http://news.moviefone.com/2013/10/29/american-history-x-facts/#.Vd-vZdAXl-Y.twitter …
If you wanna watch a good movie, go watch American History X.
@ShootinThoughts There is a movie American History X where the protagonist creates a cult against the system and runs away @Sharanyashettyy
American History X is like the best movie ever.
The amount of Epicness in American History X Movie !
@ClayTravisBGID I've seen that movie before: American History X.
@Bryanyouth im not even saying anything about him liking the movie like i liked american history x but that doesnt mean
American history X is a good ass movie, even for being older
American History X is a pretty good movie seen it like a shit load of times
Just wrote a movie called African-American History X about a black dude who goes inside a Whole Foods and comes out loving vegan white girls
American history x is such a good movie
American history x will always be a great movie
#GoneGirl might be the movie that will succeed where Jungle Fever, American History x, Waiting to Exhale... http://fb.me/D3l2L7GQ 
#ItemsWonOnStorageWars A rare American History X movie poster pic.twitter.com/d3VZvGg9mA
Just watched American History X. I love it when a movie lives up to the hype.
Nothing says messed up more than the movie American History X
Simple Step To Watch Full Movie in Here http://bit.ly/1IiCark  , , American History X Free Movie,... http://youtu.be/uE4EZHjPkXI?a 
I love the movie American History X but god I hate the ending..
Just finished AMERICAN HISTORY X that movie was a doosy. Wow
#movie #news ‘American History X’ Director Tony Kaye Says He’s Still In Director’s Jail http://bit.ly/1EHHwqc 
Last movie I watched was American History X https://twitter.com/babetexts/status/634661288141017088 …
American history X is still a dope movie
American History X ∥ Full Movie ∥ https://youtu.be/mx8ZtRNxtXE  via @YouTube
American History X is such great movie
did you know that that big aryianin in American History X died before the movie was released he was only 31
@Big6domino @CNN @AP @USATODAY @TIME @people #whiteMedia 's coverage of the NWA movie was abysmal. Why no police for American History X?
Did the movie American History X change your view on racism? http://mirin.xerq.net/1J3LJGq 
AMERICAN HISTORY X has to be on my top 5 best movie list
why is American History X not a movie that is shown in schools? I understand some parts but kids need to be aware of that side of life...
American history x is a really good movie. just need to watch the beginning and end tho
Been up watching American History X....this movie is so wild
American history x is a bad ass movie
American History X is by far the best movie ever. It shows how simple minded some can be.
American history X is a crazy fuckin movie
Watching American history x. This deep ass movie
The younger brother in American History X is so dam cute... But only in this movie tho.
I highly recommend seeing American History X if you haven't already. What a movie...
Watching American History X. I remember why I can't watch it all the way now. This movie to raw but has a good message to the public!
American History X is such a good movie, but it's so hard to watch without cringing and crying.
American History X is a hell of a movie! Edward Norton at his best!
"spooks? lol!" "this movie had a great cast" -my dad watching American History X on IFC
@Briana_Lee_xx @NoelDash_ enjoy ur dinner,& hope Noel likes American History X. It's a great movie. & well done. Hope 2 hear her pov on it..
My favorite movie is on TV right now! (American History X!)
American History X is a powerful movie, but it can be hard to watch.
American History X is suuuuuuch a good movie
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/r72XqmO5cIM?a  Action Movies Full Movie English - American History X Full HD
American History X on right now, great movie in that super kind of depressing way.
Next time you are looking for a movie to watch make sure you pick American History X, one of my top three favorite films
American History X on IFC. Top 10 movie of all time.
American History X is a strong choice for a Tuesday #KurbScene #ouch #Tuesday #Movie
American History X is by far the best movie ever made
American History X - Tony Kaye | Drama #nowplaying #Drama top movie sex scenes http://top-movies.try-before-you-buy.com/2014/06/us-top-movies-american-history-x-tony.html …
@TheClashFiles @parkerjesse83 @DSHalligan fear and loathing ; fight club; American history X; Star Wars 4-6; south park movie.
Photo: American History X I watch this movie around February 2015 The story is about Derek Vinyard (Edward... http://tmblr.co/ZDMT6n1sHab5G 
@mootwand YO ALSO I THINK YOU WOULD REALLY LIKE THE MOVIE AMERICAN HISTORY X
American History X is seriously like the best movie ever, I don't know how people haven't seen it before
Wwe putting a new twist on the most racist song in movie history from American History X. #WWERaw
american history x was a bad ass movie
American history x is such a great movie.
American History X, now that is a fucking good movie.
Re watched romper stomper great aussie movie if u haven't seen it @russellcrowe is so young it's like aussie version of American history x
Even though the movie is 17 years old I still believe that the portrayals in American History X are extremely relevant
Everyone must watch American history x...I'd say it rivals shawshank for beat movie ever!!
If you've never seen American History X, I would recommend. It's a very heart wrenching movie
The curb stomping scene in American History X is the only part in any movie to make me turn away
I haven't seen this movie in ten years. I still love it. — watching American History X
American History X 1998...Full Movie EngLish [HD] http://pinterest.com/pin/514677063643979474/ …
Everybody should see the movie American history x real shit that's going on in America wit that racist shit
American History X is a fantastic movie everyone should watch.
American history x is the greatest movie of all time
Pour moi réussir sa vie c avoir vue: - American history x - Cannibal holocauste - Scary movie - American pie
Has anyone seen the movie American History X?
American History X is such a good/crazy movie
American History X is a great yet disturbing movie
American history X is on IFC best movie ever do it
American History X is on!!!!! get ready for me to cry. I love this movie!
American History X is such an awesome fucking movie
American History X is suuuuch a good movie. May just be one of my favorites. Edward Norton is the man
I still believe American History X is the most intense movie i have ever seen.
American History X is such a great fucking movie. Ed Norton is a BEAST in it
American History X is on. I like this movie but it makes me so uncomfortable
American History X seems like a great movie if you move past all of the repulsive racist remarks it's a little overwhelming in the beginning
American history x is a great movie but I be mad as shit every time I watch it lol
American history X on I love this movie
American History X on IFC. Personal favorite movie
#American History X...Great movie @IFC
@shokufeyesib Movie time!! American History X on IFC
uf tantas schindler's list f&f saga american history x scary movie saga the pianist vhs harry potter saga + https://twitter.com/ashtonwish/status/632580442986840064 …
American History X (1998) - Cinemaindo Nonton Film Terbaru Download Movie Bioskop https://shar.es/1tigA8  lewat @sharethis
Edward Norton is my favorite actor. And American history X is my favorite movie. #funfact
American History X is a good movie everyone should watch it
American history x will never be an easy movie to watch.
Norwegian Netflix have removed American History X How am I supposed to live that movie is a masterpiece
"American History X" (1998) is a box office delight of a movie (A) #DallasCritic <nt2qme>
American history x is a top 3 movie for me. Not #1 cuz Shawshank redemption obv...but I think a good #2.
I just seen American History X ... Such a great movie!! Fuck.
So Jess described American History X as "alright" but cried 4 times watching the fucking sex and the city movie
@jmarsh4037 Another one was the Human Centipede. Not going there! I was surprised I had seen one movie on the list: American History X.
American history x is legit such a good movie
Great line from movie about white supremacists: American History X - said to angry racist: "Has anything you've done made your life better?"
I went into a cinema server in Garrys Mod today and they had satirical movie posters on the walls and then an American History X poster.
American history x is such a great movie
American History x is a wild movie like dam
Such a good movie RT @teekaytheBOSS: I'm watching American History X for the first time. https://twitter.com/giholloway/status/631262907674791936 …
Most people i know that love american history x are racist and don't even understand the movie is about stopping racism in a diverse area.
I don't understand why people have a problem with the movie American History X it's so good
“ @SlLVERSCREENS: American History X (1998) pic.twitter.com/Xdgj3R3NEO” this movie
American history x was one amazing movie. Edward norton deserves a standing ovation. Everything about the movie oozes perfection
American history X is a top 10 movie of all time.
CLICK HERE : http://bit.ly/1IiCark  Watch!!! American History X Free Movie trailer , Watch!!! American... http://youtu.be/C0R6srqfEAw?a 
American history x is my new favorite movie
American history x is a fantastic movie, definitely recommend it
Saving Private Ryan. American History X. Armageddon. Lock Stock & 2 Smokin' Barrels. Patch Adams. Rounders. Suicide Kings. Good movie yr '98
If you've framed a poster of American History X on your wall, I'm going to assume you're racist, it's a great movie, but is it frame-worthy?
American History X is a movie that makes me pissed off, sad, and happy.
This movie I just watched American History X was intense & powerful. Highly recommended
The Most horrible yet amazing movie to watch like American History X... — watching Boys Don't Cry
An Analysis of ‘American History X’ & Its Contemporary Relevance by Jack Gooding: http://www.thefilmagazine.com/american-history-x-and-its-contemporary-relevance/ … #Movie pic.twitter.com/JMEDreBEPR
American History X is such a crazy movie
I wish I had American History X on dvd tho. That movie is so good.
Telling a guy that my favorite movie is American History X was probably not the best idea. I'm not crazy, I swear
Bout to watch american history x classic movie havent seen this in awhile
A good and hilarious movie line up would be Primal Fear, Death to Smoochy and American History X. #edwardnorton
Wait, was American History X a bad movie? I really don't recall it as such. https://twitter.com/UPROXX/status/630452494896906240 …
American History X is a good movie and all, but using the curb stomp in memes on Fb is too much.
American History X just may be the best movie I've ever seen
American History X 1998 HD Watch Movie Online-Gurumovies http://fb.me/7mP3LIVYm 
Ohh favorite movie ! That's easy. Goodfellas. Then American History X.
Watching American History X. Fucking sick movie!
American History X is a really good movie
American History X is the best movie ever.
American History X, fuck me that was an intense movie
American history x is such an amazing movie!!!!
After Shaq explained to in detail what happened to a dude in American History X I decided I'm never going to watch that movie
@Usmanwaraich102 http://letterboxd.com/irtaza/films/by/rating/ … , superbad , 5o,5o , american history x , moonrise kingdom , flipped ,lego movie , the guru , django
@Jesseystevenss American history x. just watched it. great movie
@Manflurry is that just from american history x or is there more background. i've never seen the movie
watching American history X, this is such an intense movie omg
American History X, not exactly the best "feel good" movie to watch before bed... but a great fucking movie none the less.
I asked the old Japanese woman at the library for a good movie and she recommended American History X I just think that's cool
@hannah__alyssa American History X. That's is some really really deep stuff right there. Absolutely amazing movie!
American history X is a great movie
American History X is such a fantastic movie, so inspiring and makes me cry every freaking time
American History X is one hell of a movie
American History X will always be an amazing movie. Stands the test of time with flying colors.
American History X is the darkest movie
American History X is a critically acclaimed movie and i still feel like it doesn't get the praise it deserves
I'll never stop saying what a good movie American history x is
American History X is an amazing movie man, I highly recommend watching it!
American History X... Great movie. If you haven't seen it, you MUST..!!!
American history x is such a good movie
Watching "american history x" on #ifc awesome movie
I remember watching American History X at 13 and just crying my eyes out for 90% of the movie.
@Jesseystevenss American history x. just watched it. great movie
American History X is a crazy fuggin movie
American History X is such a terrible movie, but it also tells a beautiful story.
American History X is such an incredible movie
American history x is such a sweet movie
American History X is such an amazing movie but damn is it hard to watch sometimes
This is such a great movie! — watching American History X
American history x is my second favorite movie and if you haven't watched it then you absolutely should
I'm trying to see how American history x would be a fave but...I can't. There's "tolerance" towards the end of the movie but...
American History X movie!
American History X was a badly scripted movie acted by a few good actors. The director didn't want his name attached to it.
Why some white guys on okcupid say American History X is (one of) their fave movie? That shit is uncomfortable.
american history x stilllllllll greatest movie ever
American History X just started... Another great movie.
"Hate is baggage. Life is too short to be pissed off all the time" American History X will ALWAYS get me. Important movie
American History X is one fucked up movie and will teach you that racism is some serious bullshit.
American History X has about the most brutal ending to a movie ever. On the cusp of a family change, hope smashed. Heartbreaking.
American History X probably us one of the saddest endings I've ever seen in a movie #TRU
I'm not sure I want to watch American History X that's starting on IFC right now. Such a good movie but so depressing.
American History X is a movie that everyone should watch tbh bc it's so moving.
American History X is the craziest movie ever
Looking back on it, American History X is a pretty clumsy movie. Excellent performances but ridiculously heavy-handed.
American History X was actually a good movie. It had a nice meaning to it and I liked that.
If yall wanna watch a good fucking movie.. American History X is playing rn on IFC
Lmao.... American History X got some funny ass parts but damn it is a fucked up movie
The movie American history x realllllllyyyyy pisses me off
American History X hands down my favorite movie of all time such a good message sent from this movie I love it.
American History X is a great movie
I love the movie American history x but it pisses me off so much
American History X is such a hard movie to watch. So much hate!
American history X is such a intense fucking movie, man. Jesus Christ.
American history X is seriously an amazing movie.
the Elliott Gould scene in American History X is one of the best movie scenes of all time. ..really captures our conflict in this country..
American History X is a pretty sick movie
American History X is definitely a movie you should see at least once in your life.
American history X was a movie ahead of its time
Ohhhh Edward Norton in "American History X" is on such a good actor, such a good movie.
American history x is such a good movie
Thanks to movie American history x my view on this country has changed...... how can people be so evil....
American history X is the BEST movie you'll ever watch
I would watch American History X right now but I'm baby sitting not a good kids movie lol
@ArturoGalletti Norton was supposed to be the next DeNiro. Hasn't made a relevant movie sin American History X and Fight Club in XX Century
@TrollPhaceMusic american history x very good classic thriller , and fury best war movie for a long time
I just saw american history x and honestly it's been a while since I've seen a movie that good
Post a picture of your favorite movie! — american history x http://ask.fm/a/ce2ooggi 
Still can't shake American History X.. Was a Great Movie!! The ending had my heartstrings..
Still can't shake American History X.. Was a Great Movie!! The ending had my heartstrings..
American History X is my movie
American History X is an amazing movie. One of the few I can watch infinite amount of times and still like.
Dang American History X is such a good movie!
American History X is the greatest movie ever created.
@MuchTommyFeels I like American History X Norton, myself. I feel bad about liking that movie, but I do.
@Olallo_Rubio #FurlongSunday Ya fue This is not a Movie, seguiré con Detroit Rock City, Terminator 2: Judgment Day y American History X!!
so just saw American History X from start to finish for the first time. Strong movie.. You can learn a lot from it. 10/10
American History X - Tony Kaye | Drama #nowplaying #Drama over the top movie http://top-movies.try-before-you-buy.com/2014/06/us-top-movies-american-history-x-tony.html …
American History X is crazy as shit man great movie tho
TODAY: Wes Craven, horror movie director, is 76. Edward Furlong, star of Terminator 2 and American History X, ... http://bit.ly/1gzoihb 
Stayed up till almost 4 watching American History X. Such a powerful movie, so worth watching.
Wow American History X is such a good movie but the ending just killed me
Chilling watching American History X, very powerful movie with a lot of great meaning behind it.
Omg I love the movie American History X, seriously my favorite movie
American History X is such a savage ass movie
american history x is such a good movie omg
Couldn't finish American History X. Too much hate in that movie.
My favorite movie is on! American History X
I wanna put American History X in for best movie but like that's about neo-nazi skinheads and I kinda want to get into this college
I was just about to use a movie quote but then I remembered it's American History X and some people would trip so yeah
man its too late to watch american history x, that movie is sad as balls :/ imma have nightmares for sure
the cinematography of american history x just makes the movie so much better then it already is
watching american history x and I used to love this movie as a kid and I still so
American History X is the saddest movie but one of the best movies ever made.
American History X is probably the best movie you'll ever watch ever
American history x is my favorite movie
Nightcrawler is the best movie I've seen in the past two years, not topping American History X, but being right on the line with it. 10/10
Movie night!!! ♡ Caylee said she has never seen American History X before and I almost punched her.… https://instagram.com/p/5yA_2jBdsL/ 
American History X, great movie 7/10 pic.twitter.com/TnKOibfkLh
The movie Volcano from 1997 is on Spike Tv right now great movie I remember seeing this around the same time I saw American History X
American History X is still the best movie of all time
AMERICAN HISTORY X ( #dvd, #movie, Drama, 1999, Widescreen, Rated-R) http://ebay.to/1LYFJVp 
American History X is such a good movie.
I don't care about any politics, American History X is a great movie.
American History X Movie Review (1998) | Roger Ebert http://www.rogerebert.com/reviews/american-history-x-1998 …
what a way to start the day with an uplifting movie like american history x
Holy shit. American History X is such an amazing movie.
'American History X': 25 Things You Didn't Know About the Controversial Edward Norton Movie - The Moviefone Blog http://news.moviefone.com/2013/10/29/american-history-x-facts/#.Vbcvr0RC6QU.twitter …
@Kaltagstar96 I've seen American History X twice; that's enough for me. It's a great movie, yes, but it is hard to watch at times though.
american history x is a fucking hardcore movie
Watched American History X again last night. That's still a good ass movie.
American History X - Tony Kaye | http://buff.ly/1MiWLfL  | Drama #nowplaying #Drama top movie
American History X is possibly the best movie I have seen.
'American History X': 25 Things You Didn't Know About the Controversial Edward Norton Movie http://ow.ly/PXzC9 
The movie American History X is as old as I am, and already better than I'll ever be.
American History X is such a sad movie but the story is freaking great
@EdwardNorton Just watched American History X, haven't seen that movie in years, still a great move, feel sorry for Danny at the end.
New to the DVD Movie List (http://wp.me/P53IMV-w ): American History X A Single Man Fracture The Lincoln Lawyer pic.twitter.com/PKEs08iLja
I don't think many people have seen American History X. I know, its only a movie but it's message is so profound. It's always stayed with me
American History X fucked me up. Great movie
I can name that movie in two notes American history x
Watch American History X @ http://ninetin19.com/desc/ninetin2.php?sub=Widaningsih&movie=0120586 … ID:023062114939093589 Full Movie pic.twitter.com/zVhHq0QRaS
I know it was a movie but still get tight watching American History X deadass made me dislike Ed Norton
American History X, is a movie that wld be valued for generations in USA.As long as humans are, hatred wld be there but it can be controlled
American History X is my favorite movie ever, hands down.
American History X is such a powerful movie.
Movie of the Day: American History X Song of the Day: "Ornithology," Charlie Parker
Finally got around to seeing American History X last night. Man is that an overrated movie.
American History X was a way better movie than I excepted
American history X is a great movie
don't you hate it when skinheads obsess over American History X? I mean.. y'all do realize that movie is anti racist, right?
Watched American history X last night very good movie.
This painting appeared in a scene from the movie American History X. https://twitter.com/honey_koonce/status/380492061264199680 …
@FatherPreach_ anywayssss, the movie is called American History X
See reality in your eyes when hate makes you blind. - American History X (1998)
I wish my American history x movie,wasn't skipping
American History X is a fucking intense movie
Watched American history x. What a movie
The song that Derrick's friend is singing in the van in the movie American History X? @deathsquadbrat @salomanizor
@Robin_Volpi @ReverbPress have you ever seen the movie American History X ? Its a good peek into their types. pic.twitter.com/J8zQvQZEMG
American History X is my movie tho
@5P0TS oh yeah rez a good movie is American history x its so beast
American History X (1998) Full Movie HD PLAY NOW : http://j.mp/1D2wXx2  Instructions : 1. Click the link !!
Tinder Date Quote: Every Ed Norton movie that shows him shirtless, they put make up over the swastika tattoo he got in American History X.
american history x (favorite movie) and "seasons" by wun two (one of my favorite tapes). best six seconds. https://vine.co/v/eru7pizZT5O 
AMERICAN HISTORY X what a GREAT MOVIE! #Quality
american history x is the best movie in the world
@ProWrestlingMag also shown in the movie American History X as an act of racism.
@Olivianuzzi @pjchoya Nolte understands that American History X is just a movie right pic.twitter.com/jDI2QCy0Ac
American History X is the worst movie I have ever seen
American History X is actually a really good movie !!
@fishsports @Franklin04Jesse agreed.. Just thought of that one movie American History X.... The X is racist.. SH!T
@_L_BW American history X is a better movie but I was in a Robin Williams kinda mood
@Rob_Bediieee yea and I've seen fight club like 20 times, both good ass movie but American History X is definitely better
Watched American History X today. Such an underrated and powerful movie but definitely not for everyone
@jk001 Movie: American History X Scene: Prison shower rape Setting: Circa Christmas 2001 Parent: Father Outcome: Paternal disillusionment
What's your favorite movie scene? — American History X curb stomp http://ask.fm/a/c9bhn8f1 
Watched Romper Stomper, it's like American History X but Australian and nobody learns a fucking thing. Fuck this movie.
American history X is such a great movie
American History X Full Movie HD: http://youtu.be/NDlw2AQMy2c?a  via @YouTube
American History X is a crazy movie that everyone needs to see tho.
As a Norton movie footnote: Have we all come around that American History X is awful, yet?
If you've never watched the movie American History X then you should do that tonight https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=XfQYHqsiN5g …
American History X is an amazing movie everybody should watch it
Watching American history X. #movie #americanhistoryx https://instagram.com/p/5ILoCNwiWk/ 
american history x will always be a good movie
American History X (1998) Full Movie http://youtu.be/kmQhgKSzfFo 
Watching American History X... its such a good movie.
American History X is a phenomenal movie. If you ever have the chance to watch it, do it.
Felices Sueños. #MachismoMata Movie Themes - American History X https://youtu.be/l6FcY2GAgBw  vía @YouTube
Have you guys seen American History X? That movie perfectly depicts the evils of racism and hatred.
Ich habe ein @YouTube-Video positiv bewertet: http://youtu.be/kmQhgKSzfFo?a  American History X 1998 Crime / Drama Movies Full Movie
Pale, pasty, pastrami eatin', cracker motherfuckin' bitch. American History X is a beautiful movie.
@DalagaHelios I wasn't talking about American History X. And that movie made it crystal clear how horrible Neo Nazis are.
I loved this movie so much! RT @BestMovieLine: American History X pic.twitter.com/fDcGiHXdjb
@VoxPopple Yes. Only movie he didn't annoy me was American History X
american history x is a brilliant movie
American History X: The movie cost a reported $20 million to make and only earned back $6.7 million in North American ticket sales.
What's a good movie about gangs... Like something related to American History X
american history x is a great movie though
finished my third hundredth movie- American History X. roughly a month of my life has been watching movies
American History X Movie Poster (27 x 40 Inches - 69cm x 102cm) (1998) -(Edward Norton)(Edward Furlong)(Fairuz http://goo.gl/sfffSM 
Does anyone have a copy of American History X? I'd really like to see that movie again.
American History X is such a good movie
@AmericanSenpai >American history x Great movie
#WWE #Wrestling #Entertainment #Hollywood #Studio #Flim #Movie #Skinhead #Etc. D-Generation X And American History X. pic.twitter.com/vhjw9GeQJx
American History X is a movie everyone must watch at least once in their life.
I'm in the mood for a happy, feel good movie. I think I'll watch this film called "American History X." Should be a grand ol time
@EdwardNorton American History X is my favorite movie. I've seen it countless times. I was wondering what is was like to play Derek?
If you tell me your favorite movie is American history x then be prepared for questions about your opinion on social inequality. #single4eva
@AngeloJohnGage Watch a movie called "American History X" and "Erasing Hate" the latter on @netflix
American History X is the greatest movie ever.
Dallas Buyers Club should be pulled. There's an N-word and a #ConfederateFlag in the movie. Don't get me started on American History X.
@AJIsTheReal @FredFaour a movie that don't get its due,,, is American History X, that movie was AWESOME
Bouta finish watching the movie American History X
American History X, freaking good movie.
"American History X" (1998) is a highly-charged movie (A) #DallasCritic <nr1v53>
American History X, the last movie I will ever watch in the place I called home for 10 years.
American History X is such a great movie
" @arieeolla: What's a movie from the 80s or the 90s that I ABSOLUTELY need to see? " American History X.
American History X used to be my favorite movie
@JayPrimetown @SuperSartre Ed Norton..American History X is incredible..truly great movie..
"American History X". Wonderful movie pic.twitter.com/P8ANWH2VU9
American History X @EdwardNorton the best movie in the world!. pic.twitter.com/cv1q0AjGPm
American History X is a great movie. Deals with some harsh stuff, but is still a fantastic film.
@nag15 top 3 saddest movie endings of all time. American History X, Rainman, Big Daddy.
(Movie) American history X,La haine,Any Day Now,In the name of father,Pulp fiction,LS2SB,Thelma and Louise,Grave of firefly,and many more!
@adamclanton the last caller sounded Hispanic so a very good movie would be American History X
@komonews Dumb, you can still buy Swastika Flags on Amazon, and watch Germans war movies with Swastikas, and American History X movie.
American history X gotta be the most powerful movie I've ever seen
I need a few days to move on from that scene.This was the same reaction I had after watching American History X. A movie vs a scene.
Are we going to take out Hogans Heroes too for portraying Nazis? We should ban the movie American History X... http://fb.me/9nSUYSit1 
Everyone needs to watch "American History X." Now that is a great movie ..
@IAmJericho @TalkIsJericho He was in the biggest action movie ever T2 as 1st ever movie,American history X & DETROIT ROCK CITY!!! #WhataTrio
American History X “@dayonce__: 22. Favorite movie?”
@Grimecraft @ikecrosoft @goodintenttt American History X is a movie starring Fred Durst as a renegade chef in the means streets of SF
See reality in your eyes when hate makes you blind. - American History X (1998)
#Supremacy is a terrifying movie. It's this generation's American History X.
American History X is the harshest movie I've ever sat through. I am in pain
American History X is such a good movie
if you think american history x is a racist movie you're dumb.
Watching american history x this movie always gets me.
American History X make you wonder if all white guys really hate you behind your back. Movie crazy as shit. Glad I trust my white friends
American History X. Young White People RT @ByeCorn: What movie ruined something for you and what did it ruin?
American History X 1998 Full Movie PLAY NOW 1080p : ► http://bit.ly/1RCgI2o  MIRROR LINK : ►... http://youtu.be/X0Gu9NZjRZM?a 
I swear, American History X is still a great movie.
I watching in sociology.... great movie RT @cweav: I watched American History X..... Today for the first time.... Good Movie
@PeachJin3 Oh there's this german movie too that I loved a lot, i saw it right after American history X, that's Die Welle! pretty good è_é
Watch American History X #americanhistoryx,this movie will make you understand #karma of racism @aajtak @timesofindia pic.twitter.com/xLouHA0djN
American History X is a phenomenal movie. The ending got me so hard. Top 5 favourite movies
@psandhya from the movie 'American history X'
cult favorite: american history x. when i googled the movie the first result was "american history x curb stomp"
Searching for a movie to watch.... currently leading the betting are Days of Thunder or American History X for the billionth time.
Also the phrase "Nigger loving hippie bullshit" is from the movie American History X which is awesome and about racism and I recommend
The curb stomp scene in American History X is one of the few scenes in a movie to actually turn my stomach
American history x is a good movie.
He looks like he belonged in the "American History X" movie... https://twitter.com/SportsCenter/status/614221802747875328 …
What is your favorite old movie? — American history X is pretty old http://ask.fm/a/cd4f8fpg 
American History X was #DylannRoof's favorite movie. It challenges racism tho, right? Doesn't glorify it at all? gtfo
If u ever wanna get inspired, watch the movie American History X
At this rate, a movie like American History X would never be made.
This going to sound out of left but American History X is a great movie about how the white supremacist movement changed up and went
American History X best movie ever
american history x was a pretty good movie if you ask me
@czabe @thecooleyzone American History X = movie Lockdown on Natgeo best series
American History X is a great movie. Classic. It's so damn good.
@Urbanomatt was really good in that movie American History X
recommend me a movie — american history x http://ask.fm/a/caahjk3j 
Am I still allowed to buy American History X or will the Liberal Gestapo stop ppl from buying that movie cause feelings? #Amazon
@funkatron The one movie I always think of changing how I think of this stuff in a similar way is American History X.
American History X is my favorite Wes Anderson movie forsure
Omg Yall have to see this movie if you haven't already!! American history X
If u think Fight club is Edward Norton's best movie I'm gonna hate you lol Primal Fear & American History X are so raw,2 of the best period
@MarkArum great racism movie... American History X!
Forgot how good the movie American History X is. Definitely recommend it
Just watched American History X. Good movie. Crazy how relevant a 15 year old movie is with the crap going on today.
The Movie American History X fits this situation
#tytlive Charleston shooting reminds me of the movie American History X. When will the feds finally go after white suprema-"cysts"?
But his ideas are typical skinhead ideology. He even quoted American History X, which was a movie about white supremacy and racial tension.
American History X 1998 7/10 Tony Kaye @EdwardNorton Edward Furlong #movies #EdwardFurlong #MovieReviews pic.twitter.com/94t9DKpDaE
@SirJones__ @deray Roof quotes Derek from "American History X", forgetting that by the end of the movie Derek recants his beliefs.
@PayneAKAPain I took'the Danish vs the english school system'and that was so easy and then I got a question about 'american history x' movie
American History X is such a great movie
Dylan Roof quotes American history X. A movie about a guy who realize racism is wrong. Clearly he didn't get the message of the film.
@2016frank @cephurs @switch_d The 1st movie quote is from American History X. LOL @gonz0hunter pic.twitter.com/aQeROyKQ2Q
American History X is such a good movie
Dylann Roof quotes Derek Vinyard from "American History X" in his manifesto. Perhaps he never finished the movie. http://gawker.com/here-is-what-appears-to-be-dylann-roofs-racist-manifest-1712767241 …
So according to this alleged manifesto, Dylann Roof's fave movie is American History X? What an original skinhead.
The Charleston shooter quoted American History X in his manifesto. Seriously?!? Did he never finish watching the movie? #CharlestonShooting
That's a quote from American History X -- a movie about a skinhead who renounces racism -- at the end ("To take a saying from a film...")
@rudepundit I see he quotes the movie American History X... that's telling.
@SchustaRoosta Big Hero 6, American History X, every Avenger movie ever, Up, Pitch Perfect, The Nightmare Before Christmas to name a few
American history x is a great movie everyone go watch it
American History X was the craziest movie #RegalCokeSweeps
American History X is an amazing movie.
American history x is the most racist movie lol
We need another movie like American History X! via http://www.advancesafetysolutions.com 
@TichinaArnold You call this one Woman. See the movie, 'American History X'
Who seen the movie American History X ? Its old but its a good movie .
This child was given up as a sacrificial lamb Buy older hate, terrorists, groups. See the movie, American History X #Charlestonshooting
American history x is a really sad movie but so good.
This whole #CharlestonShooting reminds me of the movie "American history x" ...hate is the root of all evil !
@adept2u Dude had to learn it somewhere. Some other white dude pulled his strings.The movie American History X is an example.
@rachelmillman I mean, we already know his favorite movie is American History X
Action Movies 2015 Full Movie English – American History X – Best Crime Movies – Thriller Movies http://www.avkworld.com/action-movies-2015-full-movie-english-american-history-x-best-crime-movies-thriller-movies-2.html/ …
What is your favorite black and white movie? — american history X http://ask.fm/a/cclk0243 
American History X is so fucking great. Best movie I've ever seen
Best ending to a movie ever hands down -American History X pic.twitter.com/HOWcGrAPef
Watch American History X ➪ http://x.co/9WV8o  #Hollywood #movietwit #Followme #Movie__Center #moviescnv3 pic.twitter.com/o0Pj3RTB8e
You ever stop and think, hey, we're living in an age where if Super Troopers and American History X had a sequel they'd be the same movie?
Movie Recommendations to cry to: Anti-Racist? American History X / The Green Mile Drug Addiction? Requiem for a Dream Gay? Philadelphia
American History X is an amazing movie
RT American History X @PhillyCustoms: #ComplexBeLike: Name That Movie. pic.twitter.com/TmtQwDjutL
American history X is such a dope movie fr!
Everybody thinks American History X is such a bad movie because its about racism.. When in reality, a black man wrote it. But ok.
American history x is definitely favorite movie
A lot of people don't actually know what a rasist is. You wanna see one? Check out a little movie called American History X.
American History X. Wattay movie
Who hasn't seen American History X? Great ass movie.
Every time I watch American History X I think of @MasonH_11 and how he got me hooked on he movie. Hope everything is going good bro!
American History X. Movie came out in '98 and everything being spoken in this scene at the dinner table is still relevant today.
American History X is such a good movie
The most unreal movie scene ever is when the skinheads beat the blacks on American history x at basketball
WowΣ(*ﾟДﾟ*)"@OmarZydan: American History X (1998) [Movie] #ZRecommendations http://twitter.com/OmarZydan/status/607636839747461121/photo/1pic.twitter.com/ZO0uqqoUHQ "
Put ur teeth on the curb! Now say Goodnight! American History X. Edward Norton. The chill you feel after this movie mehn! And that scene
Today's movie selections... American History X followed by The Green Mile. I think that sums up my mood so far.
From the Movie American History X Danny Vinyard: So I guess this is where I tell you what I learned - my... http://fb.me/21Phu2erV 
teaching a class on listening versus hearing and told them to summarize their favorite book or movie and this chick pics american history x
@_Bananaphone_ the hilariously bad poker movie "rounders", the first half of "american history X"...umm umm
american history x is such a gut wrenchin movie
Starting an FBI watch list for any guy that says "American History X is my favorite movie".
American history x is a fucking dope movie
Every Edward Norton movie is kinda like American History X except in the other ones, he doesn't get more likable at the end.
American history x best movie ever
If you want to watch a really intense movie then check out American History X or Requiem for a Dream
"American history x" just killed my soul like what an excellent movie
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/XfQYHqsiN5g?a  American History X (1998) Official Trailer - Edward Norton Movie HD
He's never seen primal fear or American history x. Ed Norton movie marathon tomorrow it is then #movie #education #ednorton #moviemarathon
I cry every damn time I watch American History X but its still the best movie ever
American History X is such a powerful movie.
american history x is such a good fucking movie
Enjoy American History X (1998)Full Movie in HD Quality http://youtu.be/Q4CRzYqsiHE?a 
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://youtu.be/6tueG5m_AlM?a  American History X Movie Review
American history X is a crazy movie man.
Finally watched American history x such a good movie
American History X is on now. I'll never get tired of watching that movie. #Quality
I've never seen American History X. I just turned it on with like 5 minutes left. Judging by that last scene, this a pretty crazy movie
ok i just finished watching american history x and that movie gave me so much stress honestly . edward norton please dont cry
American History X, best movie ever created
American history x is on IFC movie is great too 10 for sure
American History X is always a good choice for summery, midweek movie night.
#NowWatching American History X {I love this movie.}
The first time I saw American History X love this movie
american history x is a really really great movie omf
anyone who's a registered citizen of the US should be forced to watch american history X. such an experience. excellent movie.
i could use a good classic movie before sleeping...American History X it is...
American History X will always be such a classic movie, it
American History X is such a great movie
We watched American History X in Portuguese and I must say no movie has ever made me so upset
@ohhaipapaa I couldn't pin point the term skinhead but I looked at images on Google. Reminds me how good of a movie American History X is!!
@SportsSturm @bracketdan The inmates play basketball in American History X. Sports movie.
Black Guy: What movie should we watch? White Guy: (pulls out DVD from shelf) American History X? (cue joke)
Yo how have I not watched American history X? That movie is too incredible
Just watched American History X. Such a well made, powerful movie. Definitely worth a watch but unfortunately I cannot relate to anything.
American #history #x #movie #kittens #travel #funny #wtf https://vine.co/v/eh7TQIY1E2x 
"Life's too short to be pissed off all the time. It's just not worth it." -American History X (1998)
American History X should be a movie that is a part of every highscools curriculum.
I wish hateful people can learn to appreciate differences in others. American History X was a great movie to shift perspectives.
Have you watched american history x? I just did amazing movie Can't believe the e... — i have seen it i enjoyed it http://ask.fm/a/c8b8jbgd 
And for you uncultured pieces of trash that was a satirical quote from the movie American History X
Excited for class today because we get to watch American History X, don't get mad but Norton looks so hot in that movie
so many regrets on not doing my EE on this movie instead of american history x or at least doing a comparison #owell https://twitter.com/dazedmagazine/status/604120015323836416 …
is american history X a good movie? i wanted to see it 10 times but nver rly did
The ending to American History X was by far the greatest ending to movie I have seen in a while
Made it to last plane. Okay. Now to just sit back, watch American History X on in flight movie and see how long I can go without blinking.
American History X is such a good movie, how have only just seen it now
American history X is the best movie I've ever seen hands down. So moving. It's kinda hardcore at first but just watch it till the end
American history X was a good movie. It's intense but it portrays so much so well
I'm gonna see American history x for the eighth time today @EdwardNorton watching with a friend who doesn't know that great movie yet
American History X - Full fight uncut. https://youtu.be/nOzR5Jnd6bU  via @YouTube best part n the movie
That one scene in American History X at the end of the movie that makes you pic.twitter.com/6ytqjMZHMZ
american history x is a crazy ass movie AHAHAAHA
American history X is that kind of movie you can watch everyday 10x a day
Movie fact for the night - did you guys know that the black boy that shot the white boy on American history x was lil Chris from "Friday"
If you haven't seen American History X, you should! It's a great, powerful, movie!
American History X - Tony Kaye | http://buff.ly/1BjICXw  | Drama #nowplaying #Drama top movie sex scenes pic.twitter.com/Lt7FfLLr8r
When somebody asks you if you were in the movie American History X pic.twitter.com/2TLkY4Z05J
American History X is a sports movie about basketball where main character Edward Norton has little brother named John Connor & shoots hoops
Is it weird that American history X is my favorite movie
American History X is probably my most favorite movie of all time...okay I have tons of most favorite movies of all time but still
American History X is the movie that made me slightly racist towards black people
American History X, possibly the best movie ever...
American History X fucked me up. What a weird, sad movie
I writing a movie about a neonazi who has to learn to tolerate transgender people. It's called American History X Chromosomes.
American History X is a great movie but gives me such an angry vibe, It just fills u with rage
"Watch American History X (1998) Full Movie Streaming http://bit.ly/CD-American-History-X-1998 … #fullMovie #movies #fullFilm #freeMovie"
@heeeyimsarah I've watched dam near every movie with Ed Norton in it lol American History X is one of my fave movies ever tho
American History X is such a good movie
American History X was such a good movie. But it was sooo sad at the end like whyyyy @br0kendr3amsxo
American History X is such an amazing and powerful movie
American history x is such a great movie.
Saw American History X again. It's sad that the casting of Fairuza Balk is what dates that movie more than its portrayal of extreme racism.
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/tIPaHf69BSM?a  American History X 1998 Full Movie - ( Action | Crime | Drama ) Movie
I watched American history x twice last night that shit is such a tight movie!
The movie American History X is a perfect example that racism isn't natural in people. It's usually learned at an early age
American History X is such a weird, but good movie. It almost makes me want to cry.
Watching American History X.. I'll never forget this movie
American History X is on @IFC right now. This movie still gives me chills. How @EdwardNorton didn't win an Oscar for this blows my mind.
American History X...quite an...interesting..movie. That's for sure.
Whoever made that movie American History X is sick. This movie making me mad asf!
American history x is such a dope movie
American history x is sick fucking movie
American History X is a crazy movie
american history x is my favorite movie
Can't believe it took me this long to watch American History X. A movie everyone should watch.
American History X was the craziest movie I've ever seen
American History X is THAT movie!!! recommend it to everyone.
American History X is crazy but that's my fav movie
American History X is on, good ass movie, Edward Norton a real one
Watching American History X love this movie
"American History X" movie racist af ! Sheesh lol
I missed the curb stomp part in American History X and now I don't even wanna watch the rest of the movie
Watchn American History X. Some parts of this movie still make me cringe.
Watching American History X.. How long will this movie continue to be relevant? I mean this could have been made today. Nothing's changed
American History X makes me so upset and angry. Talk about a movie with a message
american history x sucha crazy movie
Watching American History X. Such a great movie with a great message. @EdwardNorton is phenomenal!
American History X is such a good movie.
American history X pisses me the fuck off. Good ass movie tho
Bored people out there go watch american history x great movie edward norton is in it and the fat brother from my name is earl
Watching 'American History X'. Edward Norton is brilliant in this movie.
American History X & Pulp Fiction makes a great movie night
What's your favorite funny movie? — american history x http://ask.fm/a/c77e71o1 
wanted to watch a movie to wind down and fall asleep to so now i'm watching...american history x
Watched American History X for the first time. Good movie.
My all time favorite movie will forever be American History X.
'American History X' is such an amazing movie Words can't even describe how much I love Norton's work. He's just so amazing in every movie
If you had to recommend one movie to people (regardless of genre), what would it be? — American History X. http://ask.fm/a/c711m38i 
American History X... INCREDIBLE MOVIE
@Steellafferty movie: American history X... game: crossy road House of cards season 1
American History X is my favorite movie
@AycliffeHour 3. Funny Farm 4. American History X 5. The Green Berets 11. The B Movie 13. Casino #aycliffehour
" @tjfromhtown: Joe Torry gave an underrated performance on American History X."Fact. Movie a slept on classic
SPECIAL FREE DOWNLOAD …… Watch American History X 1998 Full Movie HD 1080p : [ http://ift.tt/1KKbGfK  ] Streaming Online Watch America…
@TheRevBobLevy @james_flippin Be careful Bobby boy. The movie American History X was inspired by James.
If you haven't seen American history x watch it. It's a great movie but it's violent.
Coming to america, american history x, south central, strapped, wedding crashers RT @thefathippy_ 14. Favorite movie?
I'm watching American history X and I'm 50 minutes in and this movie is really good holy fuck
Also when you see schindlers List on the tv or any particular nazi movie like american history x on youtube, roots, don't watch it.
American History X is a movie everyone should watch.
American History X is now like my favorite movie.
" @BestMovieLine: American History X pic.twitter.com/ZsPyxV0IKp" WHAT MOVIE
American History X is such an amazing movie!!!
"We are a monster" what a movie , tell the story of Zahid Mubarek death by Robert Stewart, very similar to American history X, great acting
American History X: The movie cost a reported $20 million to make and only earned back $6.7 million in North American ticket sales.
American History X Full Movie http://bit.ly/1GrVUrs  American History X Full Movie http://youtu.be/fkMiN-Ps8gw?a 
American History X is such a great movie, I love it
Awesome movie so long since I have watched this movie — watching American History X
American History X Full Movie. Enjoy American History X FULL MOVIE*Watch Now: http://bit.ly/1dInDIs * Film
Have yall seen American History X? That movie will drain you but in a way it's necessary to see
@DJ_Jerry_E the movie American history X is just about as depressing
Got to the barber shop and they are watching American History X. Love this movie!
American History X may be the best movie I've ever seen
*watching american history x* Grandma: is this movie violent Me: this dude just got raped in the shower *Grandma changes channel*
American History X is such a dark and depressing movie, but I can't help watching it whenever it's on TV
American history x is the realest movie ever
had no idea Joaquin Phoenix was in American History X. wow what a great ensemble cast this movie has. pic.twitter.com/dvsoVLzDYv
American history x is the greatest movie off all time... Soo powerful
American History X is a good movie
American history X is on! I love this movie
The curb stomp in American History X is one of the most gruesome scenes ever, in any movie
OMG I love the movie " American History X " ! Made me cry at the end
American History X has to be the most profound movie ever made
Holy crap I forgot that American History X was such a good movie.
american history x is such a great movie. but the ending is way too sad to handle tho.
American History X is probably the best movie.
American History X is such a good movie.
American history x is such a sick movie
See reality in your eyes when hate makes you blind. - American History X (1998)
American History X. Man that's some movie.
Why is American History X my go to movie always?
Love that movie, even though the director didn't.15 Things You Didn’t Know About 'American History X' https://shar.es/1pQUu4  via @sharethis
I accidentally bought the Spanish version of American History X for a dollar and I didn't even mean to buy that movie in the first place
AMERICAN HISTORY X .. Genius movie wallahy https://twitter.com/amiraelsheikh_/status/594181976862683138 …
american history x is a movie everybody should see
American History X is the best movie ever made
American history X still an intense movie. Miss @EdwardNorton in those roles.
American History X - Tony Kaye | http://buff.ly/1GKJqJi  | Drama #nowplaying #Drama over the top movie pic.twitter.com/3lUBJ9SGhP
I just finished watching American history x and that movie is really good
But I would say my fav movie of all time is American History X or A.I.
@ATLienPierce lmao it's from a movie called American history X
@SexualGif some people don't realize that this is from a movie. That's Edward Norton in American History X...
American History X. The wildest movie I ever saw
American history x is my fav movie, if u haven't seen it watch that shit asap
hate American History X, racist ass fucking movie disgusts me
Have you ever seen the movie American history X?? You look executive exactly like the girl in it @runninglegos
The story line behind American history x is so strong, definitely a good movie
Watching American history x, pretty rad movie
Watch American History X, 1998 movie about real, intentional racism. Edward Norton and an all-star cast. The end...wait for it.
American history x has got to be my fav movie
To watch a movie like American History X it cant be censored its all about racism, the whole movie is almost blocked lol
Watching American History X, and the skinheads in the movie say a lot of the same shit people on my facebook timeline say
American history x is a great movie and if you haven't seen it, watch it
Seriously, the longer American History X plays on my TV the more i am disgusted with the movie's parallels with conservative talking points.
American History X suitable movie for the times we're living in now.
American History X is on and as much as I love this movie I can not stay up late at all tonight after last night
American History X is a really good movie . It pisses me off with all the racist but it's really good.
American History X is such a fantastic movie
American History X is my all time favorite movie
ah american history x is gonna be on in a minute. good movie if you haven't seen it.
American History X is such a good movie. Until the last 5 minutes, that is #spoileralert
American History X is such a relevant movie to watch rn
American History X is a great movie
American History X. Wild movie
American History X is some deep shit. An eye opening movie
we watched american history x at school... it's an horrible yet brilliant movie
@amandatorppey American History X? Errybody got tats in that movie.
I recommend u guys watch American History X...a very good movie, especially in light of what's happening in Baltimore
Ever watch a movie that you're starting to really like & then the ending & wow fuck American History X what the fuck
American history X is a movie i highly recommend.
"Life's too short to be pissed off all the time. It's just not worth it." -American History X (1998)
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/tIPaHf69BSM?a  American History X 1998 Full Movie - ( Action | Crime | Drama ) Movie
American History X might be the most emotionally devastating movie ever.
American History X is such a good movie but such a sad ending
American history x is such a great movie You lose the bet you try to break in afterwards You lose again U keep losing till barack finally
Watched American History X tonight. @GuyTorry, you are excellent in this movie! Bravo!
“ @JosphineMamdouh: Quote this tweet with a picture of your favorite movie scene” American history x pic.twitter.com/8xrDZ1xLHJ
@ChrisDanielShow gang not gangster movie and dont think its the best ever american history X. Brutal, had a great ending, damn Intense movie
Sad Movie Moment Rankings 10 John Coffee electrocuted 9 Dannys murder-American History X 8 George shoots Lenny 7 UP Intro 6 Old Yeller dies
@CarlieisStoned American History X makes me cry every time I watch it. It's such a powerful movie.
American History X tbh I was too young when I first watched this movie #damn pic.twitter.com/LcXmJqoqX4
American History X is officially the first movie since I was a child to make me cry.
American History X is such a good movie
American History X is a movie that everyone needs to see at least once... All I can say is WOW
@_BlueBukowski American History X was a lot more like surprising for me, I didn't see that coming. The build up in this movie made it worse
a movie has never moved me as much as American History X
Trying to figure out why I'm watching this movie: American History X.
American History X has the saddest ending to a movie that I've ever seen
@yosienaa American History X, great movie
(Kindergarten) "Ok class, guess what movie we'll be watching today?!" "Finding Nemo!?" "Nope, American History X!" "...but..." "PLAY IT"
DUH! I coulda told you about banning the curb stomp of Seth Rollins, just off the ill taste it has, due to the movie American History X.
I watched some of American History X for the first time today, and that movie is too much for me :(
daily movies online: American History X HD Movie watch and Download Free 1998 http://dailymoviesonline247.blogspot.com/2015/04/american-history-x-hd-movie-watch-and.html …
American History X pisses me off but is a good movie
About to start dinner just finishing watching American History X a powerful movie why racism should never happen I've made all my kids watch
American History X is still that movie
Parts of American History X are still so hard to watch but it is such an incredible movie. Think everyone needs to see it at least once.
American History X is a pretty good movie, if I must say so myself
I don't know what prison movie is more intimidating American History X or Shawshank Redemption
American History X is the perfect movie for this shitty weather.
American History X is SUCH a good movie. Edward Norton is an amazing actor.
American History X is such a dope movie
American History X is on!! Love this movie
420 movie line up do far: the little mermaid american history x pulp fiction ...
@da_breezman @dommydigital1 @A24Brett @NathanD3 @TysonMoll surprised they didn't ban it based on the movie American History X #racistrollins
I remember this movie RT @DarthVenn: "Put your mouth on the curb, now say goodnight".- American History X (1998) pic.twitter.com/dkKSVN4tlg
American History X 1998 HD Movie Download Free http://moviedownloadfreeonline1.blogspot.com/2015/04/american-history-x-1998-hd-movie.html …
Watching American History X, @EdwardNorton Makes This Movie! It Wouldn't Be Half As Good Without Him!!
Nah honestly American history X is my favorite movie
and a beautiful 6 page movie analysis on American History X has now been completed. written in about an hour and a half. i'm a fucking champ
American History X - Tony Kaye | http://buff.ly/1Q4dGE3  | Drama #nowplaying #Drama top movie rentals
@_genevievex3 jail doors squeek like a scary movie they used this place for nightmare on elm street n American history x
@fakemikemulloy Last shot of the movie is like American History X, but with Chappie killing Superman & Batman at the urinals.
American history x is probably the craziest movie I've ever seen
East #leydenpride #movieclub is showing American History X on Tue 4/21 at 330 in 152B. Another GREAT movie! http://www.imdb.com/title/tt0120586/?ref_=fn_al_tt_1 …
American History X is such a good fuckin movie.
American History X. Watch that movie if you haven't already
American History X... I don't know how to describe this movie.. Powerful, hateful, painful, moving, redemption
American history x will always be my favorite movie.
I told Kristen we should watch American History X and her response was "is it a funny movie"
American History X 1998 HD Movie Download Free http://moviedownloadfreeonline1.blogspot.com/2015/04/american-history-x-1998-hd-movie.html …
American History X Full Movie PLAY NOW : http://j.mp/1ABLC0x  MORE MOVIE :... http://youtu.be/O2kdYCj-2js?a 
I feel like people exaggerate over the movie American history X lol it just makes me not want to watch it
Forgot how much I love the movie, American History X.
#movie #AmericanHistory Desteni Movie Night – American History X: https://youtu.be/KgeJRXmk5wo  via @YouTube
The end of American history x gets me every time. Such a good movie though.
After watching American History X for the first time, I just wanna say that that was an excellent movie
American History X = good movie. Thanks @random_aw #alljtbaby
So many things on TV but so glad I ended up watching American History X. What an amazing movie. And still (unfortunately) relevant.
American History X is a movie that everyone must watch
Damn American History X was a great movie, anyone know where I can watch American History I through IX?
@PattiKimble @HillaryGuess @jabouri_mary Doing good, how about you? Just watched American History X, such a sad movie, great acting.
American History X is a crazy ass movie. Almost forgot about it
Turned American history x on for last half hour.. Damn good movie and now followed by pulp fiction on ifc.. Good movie night @adnanESPN
American history X is a good movie. #IFC
American History X is a really good movie, highly recommended
watching American history X and this movie is still!!!!! so!!!!! relevant!!!!!!!!!! Heart wrenching
American History X is a movie everyone should see at least once in their life..
I LOVE American History X! But it's too deep of a movie to watch! Most of the time I can barely get through it.
American History X is such a savage movie.
I added a video to a @YouTube playlist http://youtu.be/KgeJRXmk5wo?a  Desteni Movie Night – American History X
Na american history x was really a great movie though...
American History X is on! Forgot how crazy this movie is...
Who the hell chose American History X for the movie to play in a bar? Seeing a curb stomping isn't party
Didn't get to watch that movie thanks to my little brother smh... but American History X is a good movie too
Watching my favorite movie american history x https://instagram.com/p/1XPc4Arfjp/ 
American History X Another great movie
A movie that is good but I will only watch once: American History X. That was way too dark for me. Change the channel!!
Foto: xanpapi: kobecryant: American History X (1998) great movie tbh http://tmblr.co/Z8F_hv1i9YzeV 
American History X Full Movie https://youtu.be/uxXf9NWjhw0 
I liked a @YouTube video http://youtu.be/KgeJRXmk5wo?a  Desteni Movie Night – American History X
Such a great movie tho RT @versacekait: American History X is so hard to watch
Recommended: Desteni Movie Night – American History X - http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KgeJRXmk5wo&feature=youtube_gdata …
Well I was just reading the Parental Guide for the movie American History X...
@littlepez2013 I did not like American history X at first but it's hard to hate that movie it's just. So. Good.
American History X is such a good movie
Top 10 Tragic Movie Endings: https://youtu.be/MrGgnpmWCOQ  American History X gets me after the 1000th time. Always will.
American oxygen reminds me exactly of the movie American history X like the lyrics and everything, wow
Ed Norton the Gawd " @2Stripz: touchy movie RT @Vanity_xSimpson: RT “ @TIXRVCHELE: Anyone seen American History X ? Great movie.”"
Anyone seen American History X ? Great movie.
American History X made me cry like throughout the whole entire movie.
favourite movie? — Forrest Gump, American History X and idk http://ask.fm/a/c3p13f58 
Watch American History X - Full Movie Streaming http://bit.ly/1EBaZkw 
I LOVE the movie American History X. Riveting and just one of the best movies ever made.
My English teacher suggested the movie American history X
American History X is such a good movie.
I love this movie. American History x and Edward Norton. Omg he was wicked in this movie also rocked in fight club pic.twitter.com/lazTF8cnxC
daqui a pouco vou sair e ver American History X bcssss that movie is just legendary
Watched 'American History X'. Very powerful movie. Highly recommended.
@TheBilly_V your haircut looks like you belong in the movie American History X! Half Puerto Rican my ass!!
American History X was a trill ass movie.
American History X, great movie everyone should see. Such a good lesson.
1. American History X "That was pretty good" 2. Major League "The first one is pretty good" 3. Shawshank Redemption "An overall good movie."
@duckisgod @1984Starscream Norton being a pain is usually to make the movie better though. Look at American History X.
@joemcclo @Cimmaraeee since I got the part in the American History X movie, play edition.
American history x is a dope movie
Q&A: Keith Gibbs — the Guy From Every Basketball Movie — on Jordan, ‘Blue Chips,’ and ‘American History X’ http://grantland.com/hollywood-prospectus/qa-keith-gibbs-the-guy-from-every-basketball-movie-on-jordan-blue-chips-and-american-history-x/ …
American History X (1998) Official Trailer - Edward Norton Movie HD: https://youtu.be/XfQYHqsiN5g 
American History X taught white men that you can commit heinous crimes against Black folks & still be the hero at the end of a movie
charming life pattern: American History X (1998) - quote - movie - film http://charming-lifepattern.blogspot.com/2015/03/american-history-x-1998-quote-movie-film.html?spref=tw …
#MUSTREAD Q&A: Keith Gibbs — the Guy From Every Basketball Movie — on Jordan, ‘Blue Chips,’ and ‘American History X’ http://grantland.com/hollywood-prospectus/qa-keith-gibbs-the-guy-from-every-basketball-movie-on-jordan-blue-chips-and-american-history-x/ …
Been thinking about it, and American History X is definitely a gorgeous movie.
In 10th grade I thought Schindler's List was the one movie everyone should see in 12th grade I know American History X is the real one
okay refresher.... american history x is the best movie ive seen in like 2 years
@Spoon_r13 seriously though - American History X. Great movie. Heartbreaking. But phenomenal piece of work.
Q&A: Keith Gibbs, the guy from every basketball movie, on Jordan, 'Blue Chips,' and 'American History X,' by @netw3rk http://gran.tl/1y2QzPb 
" @MyDear_Ophelia: American history X is so damn sad... Idk why i watched that movie..."<= I like that movie
Also American History X, that terrible Patricia Arquette devil movie and the Big Hit w/ Marky Mark which is the worst movie ever made
@EdwardNorton good day, apparently was filmed sequel to the movie American History X, is it true? And where can you get. thank you Stephan
American history X is a really good movie, but it always gets me so mad when I watch it
Another movie crossed of the list that I should have seen already. American History X, what a great movie!
American History X is such a good movie.. I can't stand racist movies but this twisted it
Your fav. Movie of all time? — The A-Team. American History X Now you see me. http://ask.fm/a/c4aq2lge 
American History X was such a powerful movie!!! Thanks Mr. Dominguez for exposing me to this movie! #APPsychmovies
Watching American History X, this movie is deep as hell man
" @UrFaveLatina: I watched American History X last night. CRAZY movie"one of my.favorite movies
“ @THIRDEYERAZ: American History X is such an important movie” classic.
Finally showing John the movie American History X.
American History X is literally a crazy good movie
I have watched American History X at least 20 times, and it always be my favorite movie.
Every time I watch American History X, I want the ending to be different. But it never is. Such a good movie though.
If you haven't seen american history x you really should, very good movie
Last RT. American History X. My favourite movie.
" @BestMovieLine: American History X pic.twitter.com/1uMblcD7Ty" this movie so much more heavier than its taken
" @BestMovieLine: American History X pic.twitter.com/Xk6pu4sUBz" awesome movie
Love this movie RT @amandablain: Life's too short to be pissed off all the time - American History X
American History X Full Movie HD https://youtu.be/4gW5jP3Vk8I 
American HISTORY x is a perfect movie. 10/10. The type of movie you can watch over and over again!
Washed up American History text books. Learned more in the movie American History X
Arlight so my live tweet of American History X ends. It was an amazing movie, and Edward Norton gives a career-best performance. 5/5
American History X Full Movie https://youtu.be/ZT2-uXehDgU 
Mississippi burning a serious one too “ @Kaaterinaxo: American History X was a phenomenal movie.... Difficult to watch.”
American History X - Tony Kaye | http://buff.ly/1At3VVF  | Drama #nowplaying #Drama top secret movie
Weekend expenses as a movie metaphor: My wallet is Edward Norton in the showers of American History X and my bank account is his anus
Edward Norton looks so hot in this movie. ★ American History X — https://path.com/p/3nRZ8E 
american history x is the first movie ive ever seen that left me in complete awe at the ending... highly recommend
American History X " @YouungJay: What's a good movie?"
@JamesCullenB No. American History X is an important, non-comical movie about a serious topic. Don't fuck with it!
ok serious question, so american history x, same exact movie but Ethan Suplee's role is played by cookie monster, would you watch it?
Watching American History X disturbs me so much but it's such a great movie
If any of u r looking for a good ass movie, watch American History X
American History X. Wow. Great movie... And I think we could all learn something from it!
What movie should I watch? American History X or Scott Pilgrim?
American History X is the movie though
American History X. Really awesome movie.
" @DARKOMILANKO: Everyone should watch American History X." GOAT movie
First question in which SAE founder are you quiz asks you to pick a movie. I don't see American History X on the list...
Defiantly. RT @Funkagenda: It should be mandatory that people watch "American History X". Such a powerful movie...
Watching American History X.. And damn this is a dark movie!
" @misslp_x: American history x what an amazing movie " right.. Very crazy and educational
Watchin american history x, amazing movie #ViolenceAsAWayOfLife
just stopping by to comment American History X is not the movie it could have been
American History x is such a great movie man
American History X is a really powerful movie. The ending chokes me up and the performances are superb.
Finally got around to watching American History X. Pretty good movie
@Tfarmson22 idk if it's on Netflix but american history X, is an amazing movie! the title seems boring but I was so interested in it
American history X is such a powerful movie ! I wish America would just watch it! Haha
Damn that was a powerful movie. Watch American History X if you haven't. Great movie. (Graphic though so not for the faint of heart lol)
what is your favorite movie??? #dubtrackFM — a time to kill, american history x, or sinister http://ask.fm/a/bpfcd3fp 
what is your favorite movie??? #dubtrackFM — my two fave movies are american history x and quentin tarantinos pu... http://ask.fm/a/c218gn1h 
